https://www.apple.com/ca/shop/goto/store
Apple Store Online - Apple (CA) Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel Store. The best way to buy the products you love. Mac iPhone iPad Apple Watch AirPods AirTag Apple TV HomePod mini Accessories Apple Gift&nbsp;Card The latest. Take a look at what’s new right now. MACBOOK AIR WITH M2 CHIP Don’t take it lightly. From $1499 ONLY AT APPLE Save on Mac or iPad for university or college. Shop with an education discount.◊ Plus get a gift card up to $210.◊◊ IPHONE 13 Your new superpower. Now in Green. From $949 before trade‑in1 MACBOOK PRO 13” Pro anywhere. From $1699 IPHONE 13 PRO Oh. So. Pro. Now in Alpine Green. From $1399 before trade‑in.1 APPLE WATCH BANDS Proud. All year long. Shop the latest band styles and colors. IPAD AIR Light. Bright. Full of might. From $749 IPHONE SE Love the power. Love the price. From $579 before trade‑in.1 LOW MONTHLY PAYMENTS For a limited time, pay in convenient monthly installments at 0% APR. Help is here. Whenever and however you need it. Shop one on one with a Specialist. Online or in-store. Get to know your new device with a free Personal Session. Get expert service and support at the Genius Bar. The Apple Store difference. Even more reasons to shop with us. Choose two-hour delivery from a Store, convenient pickup or free shipping. Trade in your device, get credit towards a new one. Get interest-free monthly payments. Make them yours. Engrave a mix of emoji, names and numbers for free. Customise your Mac and create your own style of Apple Watch. Add a special touch to your gift. The Apple experience. Do even more with Apple products and services. WATCH AND LEARN Join a Today at Apple virtual session. Six Apple services. One easy subscription. Discover all the ways to use Apple Pay. HOME See how one app can control your entire home. Special stores. Exclusive savings for businesses, school and more. EDUCATION Save on Mac or iPad with education pricing.2 BUSINESS From enterprise to small business, we’ll work with you.2 CERTIFIED REFURBISHED Shop refurbished Apple products backed by a one-year warranty. Quick Links Order Status Shopping Help Returns * Offer is available to new subscribers who connect an eligible device to an Apple device running iOS 15 or iPadOS 15 or later, for a limited time only. Offer valid for three months after eligible device pairing. Plan automatically renews at your region’s price per month until cancelled. No purchase necessary for current owners of eligible devices. Service availability varies by region. Restrictions and other terms apply. † 0% APR payment plans available on approved credit for iPhone purchases over $99, and iPad and Mac purchases over $199. Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products, at Apple Store locations, apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Financing provided, and all transactions are subject to approval, by PayBright. Financing offers may vary from time to time and may be amended or cancelled at any time. Learn more(Opens in a new window). Quebec residents — learn more about financing here(Opens in a new window). 1. Trade-in values may vary, and are based on the condition and model of your trade‑in device. Additional trade‑in values require purchase of a new iPhone, subject to availability and limits. Must be at least 18. Offer may not be available in all stores and not all devices are eligible for credit. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any Trade In transaction for any reason. In‑store trade‑in requires presentation of a valid, government‑issued photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Sales tax may be assessed on full value of new iPhone. Value of your current device may be applied toward purchase of a new Apple device. Additional terms from Apple or Apple’s trade‑in partners may apply. See apple.com/ca/trade-in for more information. 2. Special pricing available to qualified customers. To learn more about how to start qualifying for special pricing, talk to an Apple Specialist in a store or give us a call on 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. * 0% APR payment plans available on approved credit for iPhone purchases over $99, and iPad and Mac purchases over $199. Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products, at Apple Store locations, apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Financing provided, and all transactions are subject to approval by PayBright. Financing offers may vary from time to time and may be amended or cancelled at any time. See apple.com/ca/shop/browse/financing for more information. ◊ Education pricing is available to current and newly accepted university and college students and their parents, as well as lecturers and other staff. For more information, visit apple.com/ca_edu_93120/shop. ◊◊ Qualified Purchasers receive an Apple Gift Card when they purchase an eligible Mac or iPad at a Qualifying Location. Only one Promotion Product per eligible Mac or eligible iPad per Qualified Purchaser. Offer subject to availability. While supplies last. View full terms and conditions of offer here. Representative example based on $999 purchase: Total repayment amount of $999 paid over 24 monthly payments of $41.62 at 0% APR. Total interest charges and cost of borrowing $0. Example transaction amount does not include applicable taxes, which must be paid in full at time of purchase. $13.00 two-hour delivery on eligible Apple products in most areas. Offer is not available on customized Mac, engraved products, and for certain order types including orders paid for with financing or by bank transfer. Delivery times vary according to your selected delivery address, availability of your items and the time of day you place your order. Find a store to view local store hours or see checkout for estimated delivery. A signature is required for delivery. Drivers may ask for verbal confirmation of receipt from a safe distance to satisfy the signature requirement. †† We use your location to show you delivery options faster. We found your location using your IP address or because you entered it during a previous visit to Apple. Apple Apple Store Online Shop and Learn Open Menusection-one Close Menusection-one Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Services Open Menusection-two-0 Close Menusection-two-0 Apple Music Apple TV+ Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Arcade iCloud+ Apple One Apple Pay Apple Books Apple Podcasts App Store Account Open Menusection-two-1 Close Menusection-two-1 Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Apple Store Open Menusection-three Close Menusection-three Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Refurbished and Clearance Financing Apple Trade In Order Status Shopping Help For Business Open Menusection-four-0 Close Menusection-four-0 Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education Open Menusection-four-1 Close Menusection-four-1 Apple and Education Shop for K-12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare Open Menusection-four-2 Close Menusection-four-2 Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone Apple Values Open Menusection-five-0 Close Menusection-five-0 Accessibility Environment Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple Open Menusection-five-1 Close Menusection-five-1 Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy PolicyUse of CookiesTerms of UseSales and RefundsLegalSite Map
