https://www.apple.com/ca/apple-arcade/
Apple Arcade - Apple (CA) Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel Apple Arcade Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Overview How-to Films Try it free Get three months of Apple Arcade free when you buy a new iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Apple TV or Mac.* Learn more Apple Arcade Calling all puzzlers. athletes. wizards. warriors. players. Try it free Best collection of mobile games — Arcade Originals, Timeless Classics and App Store Greats. 200+ games with more added all the time. One subscription. No ads. No in‑app purchases. Share Apple Arcade with your family. Look for the Apple Arcade icon on the App Store Free 1-month trial $ 5.99/mo. After the free trial, get unlimited access to 200+ games for the price of one premium game each month. Try it free1 Free 1-month trial Apple One Bundle Apple Arcade with up to five other great services for one low monthly price. And enjoy more for less. Learn more Try Apple One free2 Buy an Apple device 3 months free. Apple Arcade is included for three months when you purchase an Apple device and redeem the offer within 90 days.* Check eligibility Every one’s a winner. There’s something for everyone on Apple Arcade. Brain teasers, magical quests, endless runners, sports games, beloved classics and more — with new amazing games and updates added every week. Enjoy unlimited, uninterrupted access to the games you love and the ones you’re going to love. NBA 2K22 Arcade Edition Sports Try it free Temple Run: Puzzle Adventure Puzzle Try it free Gear.Club Stradale Racing Try it free Wylde Flowers Simulation Try it free Alto's Adventure — Remastered Action Try it free Nickelodeon Extreme Tennis Sports Try it free LEGO® Star Wars™: Castaways Adventure Try it free See all games Jump, run, solve and build across devices. Start on iPhone. Earn points on Mac. Level up on iPad. Play games effortlessly across your favourite devices. And easily turn on Screen Time or Parental Controls when you need them. iPhone iPad Mac Apple TV Questions? Answers. What is Apple Arcade? Apple Arcade is a game subscription service that offers unlimited access to a growing collection of over 200 premium games — featuring new releases, award winners and beloved favourites from the App Store, all without ads or in-app purchases. You can play Apple Arcade games on iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac and Apple TV. What games are included? Every Apple Arcade game is handpicked to bring together an incredible variety of games for all play styles and generations. Types of games include puzzle, strategy, adventure, simulation, board, card, sports and more. Play exclusive Arcade Originals like NBA 2K22 Arcade Edition, Timeless Classics like Solitaire by MobilityWare+ and App Store Greats like Fruit Ninja Classic+. Arcade Originals are playable across iPhone, iPad, Mac and Apple TV. Timeless Classics and App Store Greats are available on iPhone and iPad. Learn more about game availability on Apple devices Here are some of the games on Apple Arcade. To see all 200+ games, you can browse the Arcade tab on the App Store. Sneaky Sasquatch (adventure) Live the life of a Sasquatch and have fun being a little mischievous. Spire Blast (puzzle) Match and blast colours to collapse colourful towers that have risen up across kingdoms. WHAT THE GOLF? (sports) Laugh out loud in this genre-bending golf parody designed to put a smile on your face. NBA 2K22 Arcade Edition (sports) 5-on-5 basketball featuring the latest NBA rosters, including stars like Steph Curry, Damian Lillard and more. Chess - Play & Learn+ (board) Play chess online with players around the world or learn and master chess skills with interactive lessons and puzzles. Gear.Club Stradale (racing) Take a vacation in Tuscany where you’ll spend your days driving exotic vehicles. Build your dream car collection, start a hypercar club with friends and enter worldwide competitions. Nickelodeon Extreme Tennis (sports) Join your favourite Nickelodeon characters as they compete in this extreme tennis match. Angry Birds Reloaded (action) Get the familiar and satisfying sling-shot action from the original game — now remastered with enhanced visuals, new characters and plenty of destruction. Track your scores with local leaderboards against friends and family. Crossy Road Castle (action) Climb endlessly fun and unpredictable towers to see how high you can ascend — solo or with friends. Temple Run: Puzzle Adventure (puzzle) Match three puzzles to uncover the mysteries of the ancient temple realm. Wylde Flowers (simulation) Explore a wholesome world where you nurture your magical abilities and unravel a mystery in this cozy life and farming sim. LEGO® Star Wars™: Castaways (adventure) Meet a group of thriving Castaways on a long-abandoned secret planet in this first-ever social, action-adventure LEGO Star Wars game. Available only on Apple Arcade. How often are new games added? New games and content updates are added to Apple Arcade every week. To preview upcoming releases, look for the Coming Soon section in the Arcade tab on the App Store. Where do I find Apple Arcade? You can find Apple Arcade on the App Store through the Arcade tab. You can also search the App Store for a specific Apple Arcade game. On your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch: Open the App Store and go to the Arcade tab at the bottom of the screen. On your Apple TV: Open the Arcade app, or open the App Store and go to the Arcade tab at the top of the screen. On your Mac: Open the App Store and go to the Arcade tab in the sidebar. What does it cost? That depends on which offer you choose. (1) Apple Arcade is free to try for one month and $5.99 per month after that.1 And with Family Sharing, you can share your subscription with up to five family members. (2) You can also get three months of Apple Arcade free when you buy an Apple device.* (3) With Apple One, you can bundle Apple Arcade with Apple Music, Apple TV+, iCloud storage and more for a low monthly price.2 What do I need to join Apple Arcade? You can sign up for a free one-month trial and play Apple Arcade games using your iPhone, iPad, iPod touch, Mac or Apple TV with the latest operating system. Can I play with a controller? You sure can. If you see a controller icon on a game’s App Store product page, the game has controller support. You can use a game controller to play many games in Apple Arcade. And some games on Apple TV even require one. Apple One Bundle Apple Arcade with up to five other great services. And enjoy more for less. Try Apple One free2 Learn more Working with Arcade. If you’re developing a fun, unreleased game and would like it to be considered for Apple Arcade, we’d love to hear from you. Learn more Upgrade to start your free trial. Get the latest iOS Get the latest iPadOS Get the latest tvOS Get the latest macOS Apple Footer * $5.99/month after free trial. Only one offer per Apple ID and only one offer per family if you’re part of a Family Sharing group, regardless of the number of devices you or your family purchase. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. New subscribers only. $5.99/month after trial. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Terms apply. The Apple One free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. Compatible hardware and software required. Some content may not be available in all areas. Not all content shown will be available at service availability. Game availability for the 200+ titles across devices varies based on hardware and software compatibility. Some content may not be available in all areas. Game controllers work with select games and are sold separately. Availability may vary by country or region.  Apple Only on Apple Apple Arcade Shop and Learn Open Menu Close Menu Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Services Open Menu Close Menu Apple Music Apple TV+ Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Arcade iCloud Apple One Apple Pay Apple Books Apple Podcasts App Store Account Open Menu Close Menu Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Apple Store Open Menu Close Menu Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Refurbished and Clearance Financing Apple Trade In Order Status Shopping Help For Business Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare Open Menu Close Menu Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone Apple Values Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Environment Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple Open Menu Close Menu Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
