https://www.apple.com/ca/trade-in/
Apple Trade In - Apple (CA) Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel Apple Trade-In Turn the device you have into the one you want. It‘s easy to trade in your eligible device for credit toward your next purchase, or get an Apple Store Gift Card you can use anytime.1 If your device isn’t eligible for credit, we’ll recycle it for free. No matter the model or condition, we can turn it into something good for you and good for the planet. Get credit toward a purchase today. Trade in when you buy a new product and we’ll apply the value toward your purchase or recycle your device for free.1 iPhone iPad Mac Apple Watch Other devices Your device Estimated trade-in value1 iPhone 12 Pro Max iPhone 12 Pro iPhone 12 iPhone 12 mini iPhone 11 Pro Max iPhone 11 Pro iPhone 11 iPhone XS Max iPhone XS iPhone XR iPhone X iPhone 8 Plus iPhone 8 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 7 iPhone 6s Plus iPhone 6s iPhone SE (2nd generation) Shop for a new iPhone with your trade‑in credit. iPhone 13 Pro Buy iPhone 13 Buy Shop all iPhone models Your device Estimated trade-in value1 iPad Pro iPad iPad Air iPad mini Shop for a new iPad with your trade‑in credit. iPad Buy iPad Air Buy Shop all iPad models Your device Estimated trade-in value1 MacBook Pro MacBook Air MacBook iMac Pro iMac Mac Pro Mac mini Shop for a new Mac with your trade‑in credit. MacBook Air Buy MacBook Pro Buy Shop all Mac models Your device Estimated trade-in value1 Apple Watch Series 6 Apple Watch SE Apple Watch Series 5 Apple Watch Series 4 Apple Watch Series 3 Shop for a new Apple Watch with your trade‑in credit. Apple Watch Series 7 Buy Apple Watch SE Buy Shop all Apple Watch models Recycle your device for free. We believe every device has value. While it doesn’t qualify for trade-in value, just send us your device and we’ll recycle it for free. Trading in has never been easier. See how much your device is worth and save on a new one. We’ll give you a quote for what your current device is worth online or in a store. Choose a new one that's right for you, and apply your credit toward that device. Easily transfer your data. When you get your new device, just follow a few simple steps to safely transfer over your data and wipe the information from your current one.2 And with iOS 15, you’ll have temporary access to all the iCloud storage you need to back up and transfer all your apps and data to your new device. Here’s how to prep your: iPhone or iPad Apple Watch Mac Just mail it out, or bring it in. Return it to us using the prepaid trade-in kit we send you. Or trade in at an Apple Store. Find a store near you Trade in and get Apple Gift Card credit — even without a purchase. Not ready for a new device? You can still trade in a current one. We’ll put the value on a gift card you can use to shop for Apple products and services. Select your device to get a trade-in estimate without a purchase.1 Smartphone Up to $685 Tablet Up to $585 Computer Up to $2030 Watch Up to $160 Other devices Recycle It goes on to help the planet. You may be done with your device, but chances are it still has more to give. If it’s in good shape, we’ll help it go to a new owner, diverting electronic waste from landfills. If not, we’ll send it to our recycling partner, so we can save more precious materials and take less from the earth. And if it’s an iPhone, it could even go to Daisy, our disassembly robot that can efficiently recover the resources inside.* Learn about Daisy and the environment Frequently Asked Questions open Frequently Asked Questions close Frequently Asked Questions What is Apple Trade In? open What is Apple Trade In? close What is Apple Trade In? It’s our trade-in and recycling program that’s good for you and the planet. If your trade-in device is eligible for credit, you can offset the purchase price of a new one. If it’s not eligible for credit, you can recycle it for free. What happens to my device once I trade it in or recycle it? open What happens to my device once I trade it in or recycle it? close What happens to my device once I trade it in or recycle it? When we receive your device, our partners will thoroughly inspect it. If the device is in good working condition, it can be refurbished so it can go on to a new owner. If it’s not in working order, it will be recycled in an environmentally responsible way through one of our partners. How long does the entire process take? open How long does the entire process take? close How long does the entire process take? The entire trade-in process takes about two to three weeks. But the faster you send in your device, the sooner your trade-in will be inspected and processed. How do I follow the status of my trade‑in? open How do I follow the status of my trade‑in? close How do I follow the status of my trade‑in? You can see the status of your trade-in by following the link in your confirmation email. Will I receive the quoted value? open Will I receive the quoted value? close Will I receive the quoted value? Our trade-in partner will inspect your device. If it’s in the condition described, we’ll credit your original payment method, up to the total purchase price. If there’s any remaining amount, you’ll receive an Apple Store Gift Card. If it’s not in the condition described, a new quote will be sent to you. You will have the option to either accept this quote or reject it and have your device sent back to you for free. If I buy a new device online with a trade-in, what kind of credit will I get? open If I buy a new device online with a trade-in, what kind of credit will I get? close If I buy a new device online with a trade-in, what kind of credit will I get? If you buy an iPhone, iPad, Mac or Apple Watch and pay in full, we’ll apply a credit to your original payment method up to the total purchase price. For any remaining amount, you’ll receive an Apple Store Gift Card via email. Trade-in credit is issued after your device is received and inspected. The trade-in value is not deducted from the price of your new product before taxes are assessed. How can I apply my trade-in value toward the purchase of a carrier-activated iPhone? open How can I apply my trade-in value toward the purchase of a carrier-activated iPhone? close How can I apply my trade-in value toward the purchase of a carrier-activated iPhone? If you want to purchase a new iPhone by financing it through your carrier, and also want to add a trade-in to lower the cost, you’ll have to visit an Apple Store in person. A Specialist will help you select, purchase and activate your new iPhone. They’ll explain how Apple Trade In works. Be sure to back up your trade-in device before you bring it to an Apple Store. How does the trade-in credit work in terms of taxes owed on my purchase? open How does the trade-in credit work in terms of taxes owed on my purchase? close How does the trade-in credit work in terms of taxes owed on my purchase? Taxes will be charged based on the full price of your new device. Your trade-in value will be credited to your original payment method once your old device has been received and inspected. How should I prepare my device before I trade it in? open How should I prepare my device before I trade it in? close How should I prepare my device before I trade it in? When getting your old device ready to send in, please refer to instructions for how to turn off Find My on your device. The team inspecting your device must be able to turn it on and remove the passcode. Once your device is inspected, the trade-in value is verified and we can finalize your refund. Does Apple offer recycling? open Does Apple offer recycling? close Does Apple offer recycling? Yes. Apple Trade In lets you recycle any Apple device (including devices from Apple-owned brands) at Apple Stores and on apple.com for free. That includes your batteries and electronic products as well as packaging recycling for our commercial, education and institutional customers. When we receive your device, it will be thoroughly inspected to determine if components can be recycled or reused. Whether recycled or reused, all activities relating to the processing of your device will be managed in an environmentally responsible way. What devices are eligible for Apple Trade In? open What devices are eligible for Apple Trade In? close What devices are eligible for Apple Trade In? All Apple products are eligible for recycling, and some are also eligible for credit. Either way, give us your used devices, and we will always recycle them in a responsible way. Can I cancel my trade‑in? open Can I cancel my trade‑in? close Can I cancel my trade‑in? If you haven’t shipped your device yet, you can cancel your trade-in by visiting the status portal. If you’ve already shipped your device, the trade-in can’t be cancelled unless you receive a new trade-in value after the inspection of your device, which you can then choose to reject. Do I have to include accessories like chargers and cables? open Do I have to include accessories like chargers and cables? close Do I have to include accessories like chargers and cables? No, you do not need to include accessories. If you choose to include any, we will recycle them for you. Can I trade in a device at an Apple Store? open Can I trade in a device at an Apple Store? close Can I trade in a device at an Apple Store? Yes, the Apple Trade In program is available online as well as in all our retail stores. Can I trade in or recycle more than one device at a time? open Can I trade in or recycle more than one device at a time? close Can I trade in or recycle more than one device at a time? You can trade in as many devices as you like, but we accept only one device per transaction. How do I pack my device for trade‑in? open How do I pack my device for trade‑in? close How do I pack my device for trade‑in? Once you fill out your trade-in information online and verify your email address, a trade-in kit will be shipped to you within 3–5 business days. The kit includes instructions on how to prepare, pack and ship your device. Where do I take my package for shipment? open Where do I take my package for shipment? close Where do I take my package for shipment? Follow the shipping instructions provided by our trade‑in partners. When will I get my Apple Store Gift Card? open When will I get my Apple Store Gift Card? close When will I get my Apple Store Gift Card? It will be issued within 2 weeks of shipping your device. How do I find my serial number? open How do I find my serial number? close How do I find my serial number? To find your serial number, follow this guide. What happens to my personal information after I send in my device? open What happens to my personal information after I send in my device? close What happens to my personal information after I send in my device? Your personal information will be completely wiped from your device, so make sure to back up your data before you send it in. I received an email saying that my Apple Store Gift Card was issued, but I haven’t received it. What do I do? open I received an email saying that my Apple Store Gift Card was issued, but I haven’t received it. What do I do? close I received an email saying that my Apple Store Gift Card was issued, but I haven’t received it. What do I do? Contact our trade-in partner via the email or phone number in your confirmation e‑mail. What if I can’t print my shipping label or find my shipping instructions? open What if I can’t print my shipping label or find my shipping instructions? close What if I can’t print my shipping label or find my shipping instructions? Contact our trade-in partner via the email or phone number in your confirmation e‑mail. How do I turn off Find My iPhone, Find My iPad or any other Apple device from my account? open How do I turn off Find My iPhone, Find My iPad or any other Apple device from my account? close How do I turn off Find My iPhone, Find My iPad or any other Apple device from my account? To turn off Find My iPhone on your Apple device: Tap Settings. Tap iCloud. Sign in with your Apple ID, if necessary. Turn off Find My iPhone. To turn off via iCloud (if you do not have your physical device), follow this guide. How do I reset my Apple device, and what else should I do before I trade it in? open How do I reset my Apple device, and what else should I do before I trade it in? close How do I reset my Apple device, and what else should I do before I trade it in? Here’s what to do before you trade in your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch. Here’s what to do before you trade in your Mac. Here’s what to do before you trade in your Apple Watch. Do I have to provide proof of purchase for the device I trade in? open Do I have to provide proof of purchase for the device I trade in? close Do I have to provide proof of purchase for the device I trade in? No, proof of purchase is not required to trade in a device with Apple Trade In. How long do I have to send my device to you? open How long do I have to send my device to you? close How long do I have to send my device to you? The estimated trade-in value is valid for 14 days, and we encourage you to send the device to us within this time to help ensure that you’ll get this value. How do I get additional help with my trade‑in? open How do I get additional help with my trade‑in? close How do I get additional help with my trade‑in? Contact our trade-in partner via the email or phone number in your confirmation e‑mail. More Ways to Recycle open More Ways to Recycle close More Ways to Recycle For more information about recycling programs, select a province or territory from the following list: Alberta British Columbia Manitoba New Brunswick Newfoundland & Labrador Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Ontario Prince Edward Island Quebec Saskatchewan Yukon Independent recycling professionals can obtain removal instructions for the battery and other components that require selective treatment by calling Apple Support. Apple Footer * Daisy is currently hard at work in the U.S. and will begin disassembly in other countries soon. Trade-in values vary based on the condition, year and configuration of your trade-in device, and may also vary between online and in-store trade-in. You must be at least 18 years old. Apple or its trade-in partners reserve the right to refuse or limit any trade-in transaction for any reason. In-store trade-in requires presentation of a valid, government-issued photo ID (local law may require saving this information). Additional terms from Apple or Apple’s trade-in partners may apply. Sales tax will be assessed on the full value of the new device. You are solely responsible for removing all data, including confidential and personal data, from the device prior to shipping. Neither Apple nor the approved partner accepts any responsibility or liability for any lost files or data.  Apple Apple Trade In Shop and Learn Open Menu Close Menu Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Services Open Menu Close Menu Apple Music Apple TV+ Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Arcade iCloud Apple One Apple Pay Apple Books Apple Podcasts App Store Account Open Menu Close Menu Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Apple Store Open Menu Close Menu Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Refurbished and Clearance Financing Apple Trade In Order Status Shopping Help For Business Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare Open Menu Close Menu Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone Apple Values Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Environment Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple Open Menu Close Menu Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
