https://www.apple.com/ca/ipad/
iPad - Apple (CA) Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel iPad Pro iPad Air New iPad iPad mini Compare Apple Pencil Keyboards AirPods Accessories iPadOS Shop iPad iPad Save on iPad for university or college with an Apple education discount.◊ Plus get a $140 gift card.◊◊ Shop now New iPad Air Light. Bright. Full of might. Buy Learn more iPad Pro The ultimate iPad experience. Buy Learn more iPad Delightfully capable. Surprisingly affordable. Buy Learn more iPad mini Mega power. Mini sized. Buy Learn more Which iPad is right for you? iPad Pro The ultimate iPad experience. Buy Learn more View in AR 12.9” and 11” 12.9” Liquid Retina XDR display1 11” Liquid Retina display1 M1 chip 12MP Wide and 10MP Ultra Wide back cameras 12MP TrueDepth front camera with Center Stage USB-C connector with support for Thunderbolt/USB 4 5G cellular2 Works with Apple Pencil (2nd generation) Works with Magic Keyboard and Smart Keyboard Folio New iPad Air Powerful. Colourful. Wonderful. Buy Learn more View in AR 10.9” Liquid Retina display1 M1 chip 12MP Wide back camera 12MP Ultra Wide front camera with Center Stage USB-C connector 5G cellular2 Works with Apple Pencil (2nd generation) Works with Magic Keyboard and Smart Keyboard Folio iPad Delightfully capable. Surprisingly affordable. Buy Learn more View in AR 10.2” Retina display A13 Bionic chip 8MP Wide back camera 12MP Ultra Wide front camera with Center Stage Lightning connector 4G LTE cellular2 Works with Apple Pencil (1st generation) Works with Smart Keyboard iPad mini Mega power. Mini size. Buy Learn more View in AR 8.3” Liquid Retina display1 A15 Bionic chip 12MP Wide back camera 12MP Ultra Wide front camera with Center Stage USB-C connector 5G cellular2 Works with Apple Pencil (2nd generation) Works with Bluetooth keyboards Compare all iPad models Shop iPad Shop for University or College Save on iPad with an education discount.◊ Plus get a $140 gift card.◊◊ Shop now Limited-time offer Now pay monthly. Interest-free. Pay in convenient monthly instalments and for a limited time get 0% APR.† Financing details, including Quebec Trade in your current iPad and get credit toward a new one. With Apple Trade In, just give us your eligible iPad and get credit for a new one. It’s good for you and the planet.3 Learn more iPadOS 16 Incredibly capable. Unmistakably iPad. See the preview of iPadOS 16 Free no-contact delivery And free returns. See checkout for delivery dates. Learn more Financing For a limited time, get 0% APR when you pay in convenient monthly instalments.† Financing details, including Quebec Personalize it Engrave your iPad with your name or a personal note — for free. Only at Apple. Learn more iPad essentials Apple Pencil Dream it up. Jot it down. Shop Learn more Keyboards for iPad Keyboards that have you covered. Shop Learn more Accessories Explore keyboards, cases, covers, Apple Pencil, AirPods and more. Shop iPad Accessories What makes an iPad an iPad? Why iPad Yes, it does that. And then some. Learn more iPadOS 15 Work wonders. With ease. Learn more about iPadOS 15 iCloud The best place for all your photos, files and more. Learn more Apple Pay The safer way to make secure, contactless purchases in stores and online. Learn more Get more out of your iPad Today at Apple Live Virtual Sessions Learn the basics on iPad with us. Sign up Apple One Bundle up to six Apple services. And enjoy more for less. Try it free4 Learn more Apple TV Plus Get 3 months of Apple TV+ free when you buy an iPad. Try it free5 Learn moreabout Apple TV Plus Apple Music Over 90 million songs. Start listening for free today. Try it free6 Learn more Apple Fitness Plus The first fitness service powered by Apple Watch. Try it free7 Learn more Apple Arcade Get three months of Apple Arcade free when you buy an iPad. Try it free8 Learn moreabout Apple Arcade Upgrade to start your free trial. Get the latest iOS Get the latest iPadOS Get the latest tvOS Get the latest macOS Apple News Plus Hundreds of magazines and leading newspapers. One subscription. Try it free9 Learn moreabout Apple News Plus Apple Gift Card For everything and everyone. Learn moreabout Apple Gift Card Buy Apple and Education Empowering educators and students to move the world forward. Learn more Apple at Work Learn more Update to the latest version of iOS or macOS to start your Apple News+ free trial. Get the latest iOS Get the latest macOS Apple Footer ◊ Education pricing is available to current and newly accepted university or college students and their parents, as well as faculty, staff and homeschool teachers of all grade levels. For more information, visit apple.com/ca_edu_93120/shop/back-to-school. ◊◊ Qualified Purchasers receive an Apple Gift Card when they purchase an eligible Mac or iPad at a Qualifying Location. Only one Apple Gift Card per eligible Mac or iPad per Qualified Purchaser. Offer subject to availability. While supplies last. Qualified Purchasers shall receive a discount equal to the value of the Apple Gift Card off the price of the eligible Mac or iPad, but will be charged for all items in their cart, including the Apple Gift Card. This offer cannot be combined with the Apple Employee Purchase Plan or business loyalty pricing. Availability of in‑store promotion offerings may be limited by Apple Store location closures as a result of COVID‑19. Additional restrictions apply. View full terms and conditions of offer at apple.com/ca/promo. † 0% APR payment plans available on approved credit for iPhone purchases over $99, and iPad and Mac purchases over $199. Offer valid on qualifying purchases of eligible Apple products, at Apple Store locations, apple.com/ca, on the Apple Store app and by calling 1‑800‑MY‑APPLE. Financing provided by PayBright, and all transactions are subject to approval. Financing offers may vary from time to time and may be amended or cancelled at any time. See apple.com/ca/shop/browse/financing for more information. Representative example based on $999 purchase: Total repayment amount of $999 paid over 24 monthly instalments of $41.62 at 0% APR. Total interest charges and cost of borrowing $0. Example transaction amount does not include applicable taxes, which must be paid in full at time of purchase. The displays have rounded corners. When measured diagonally as a rectangle, the iPad Pro 12.9‑inch screen is 12.9 inches, the iPad Pro 11‑inch screen is 11 inches, the iPad Air screen is 10.86 inches and the iPad mini screen is 8.3 inches. Actual viewable area is less. Data plan required. 5G and 4G LTE are available in select markets and through select carriers. For details on 5G and LTE support, contact your carrier and see apple.com/ca/ipad/cellular. Trade‑in values may vary based on the condition and model of your iPad trade‑in. Must be at least 18. Offer may not be available in all stores and not all devices are eligible for credit. Apple reserves the right to refuse or limit the quantity of any device for any reason. Value of your current device may be applied toward purchase of a new Apple device. Additional terms at apple.com/ca/trade-in. The Apple One free trial includes only services that you are not currently using through a free trial or a subscription. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. $5.99/month after free trial. One subscription per Family Sharing group. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. New subscribers only. $9.99/month after free trial. No commitment. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. $12.99/month after free trial. No commitment. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled. $5.99/month after free trial. One subscription per Family Sharing group. Offer good for three months after eligible device activation. Plan automatically renews until cancelled. Restrictions and other terms apply. $12.99/month after free trial. No commitment. Plan automatically renews after trial until cancelled.  Apple iPad Shop and Learn Open Menu Close Menu Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Services Open Menu Close Menu Apple Music Apple TV+ Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Arcade iCloud Apple One Apple Pay Apple Books Apple Podcasts App Store Account Open Menu Close Menu Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Apple Store Open Menu Close Menu Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Refurbished and Clearance Financing Apple Trade In Order Status Shopping Help For Business Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare Open Menu Close Menu Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone Apple Values Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Environment Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple Open Menu Close Menu Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
