https://www.apple.com/ca/macos/
macOS Monterey - Apple (CA) Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel macOS Monterey Local Nav Open Menu Local Nav Close Menu Overview All New Features Upgrade Now to macOS Monterey macOS Monterey macOS Monterey High powered meets Hi everyone. Connect, share and create like never before. Say hello to exciting new FaceTime updates. Explore a redesigned Safari. Discover and invent powerful new ways to work using Universal Control and Shortcuts. Stay in the moment with Focus. And so much more. Upgrade now See the preview of macOS Ventura New experiences. True connections. Staying in touch is more essential than ever. With SharePlay, you can watch together, listen together and share your screen right inside FaceTime.1 FaceTime calls also sound and feel more natural. And Messages makes it even easier to find and enjoy the great content shared from friends and family. FaceTime Introducing SharePlay Keep FaceTime conversations going as you watch TV shows and movies, listen to music or share your screen with SharePlay. It’s an entirely new way to have experiences with family and friends no matter the distance. Watch together Stream movies and TV shows while on a FaceTime call with friends. With synced playback and controls, you’ll see everyone laugh, jump and react to the same moments at the same time. And the volume automatically adjusts, so you can keep talking while you watch. Listen together Get together and listen to an album with friends. The whole group can see what’s next and add songs to a shared queue with synced playback and easy‑to‑use controls. Share your screen Keep your FaceTime calls going while simultaneously sharing your whole screen or just a specific app. Collaborate with coworkers, have a game night with friends or plan your next vacation as a group. Spatial audio Individual voices sound like they’re coming from the direction in which each person is positioned on your screen, helping conversations flow more naturally.2 Mic modes Voice Isolation minimizes background noise and puts your voice front and centre. When the music or sounds around you are as important as what you have to say, Wide Spectrum leaves the ambient sound unfiltered.3 chirp rat-a-tat jingle snap chatter Loud and clear. hum giggle tick tock ding ding woof More about Mic modes Mic modes With Voice Isolation, your mic uses machine learning to distinguish each sound it picks up, blocking ambient and distracting noises (like dogs barking or a TV in the next room) to make sure your voice comes through loud and clear. Wide Spectrum lets your friends on FaceTime hear any and every sound happening where you are. It’s ideal for taking music lessons or for when you want someone to listen to what’s going on around you. Grid view Grid view shows people on your FaceTime call in the same‑size tiles, so you can have better conversations with a large group. The speaker is automatically highlighted so you always know who’s talking. Portrait mode Inspired by Portrait mode on iPhone and powered by the M1 chip, this new video effect puts the focus on you — not what’s behind you.4 FaceTime links Schedule and share FaceTime calls with a unique web link. More about FaceTime links FaceTime links Make a unique FaceTime web link to easily set up a call for later or share the link with a group. Share it with your friends in Messages, Mail or third‑party apps like WhatsApp. You can also generate a link for an event in Calendar, so everyone will know exactly where and when to meet. Invite anyone to FaceTime Now you can send friends and family a link to connect on FaceTime — even if they’re using Windows or Android.1 And it’s still end‑to‑end encrypted, so your call is as private and secure as any other FaceTime call. Messages Shared with You Now the links, images and other content shared with you in Messages are featured in a new Shared with You section in the corresponding app. In Photos, Safari, Apple News, Apple Podcasts and the Apple TV app, you can easily find shared content, see who recommended it, and reply right from the app you’re enjoying it from — without going back to Messages. Photo collections Multiple photos in Messages now appear as a collage or an elegant stack of images that you can flip through. Easily view them all as a grid, reply with a quick Tapback or save them to your library. Designed to help your work flow. The world’s fastest browser has a completely reimagined design, making Safari more immersive and customizable than ever. And with Quick Note and Focus, you’ve got new tools for keeping track of what’s important — and for clearing some headspace when you need it most. Safari Compact tab bar The compact tab bar option takes up less space on the page and takes on the colour of the site you’re on, extending the web page to the edge of the window. Tabs have been combined with the Smart Search field, giving you access to powerful Safari features with the click of a tab. Tab groups Save and organize your tabs in the way that works best for you. Name your tab groups, edit them and switch between them as you go from one interest to the next. You can even drag your groups into an email and the links effortlessly appear as an easy‑to‑share list. Access tab groups anywhere Tab groups seamlessly sync across your Apple devices, so you can easily pick back up whenever and wherever you want. Focus Choose a Focus Focus helps you stay in the moment when you need to concentrate or step away. Choose a Focus that only allows the notifications you want — you can get work done while you’re in the zone, or enjoy a distraction-free dinner. Pick from a list of suggested Focus options or create your own. Signal your status Stepping away is easier if others know you’re busy. So when you’re using Focus, your status will be automatically displayed in Messages. And for truly urgent messages, there’s still a way for people to notify you. Across all your devices Enable Focus on one of your devices and it’s automatically set across all of them. Quick Note and Notes Introducing Quick Note Notes is your go‑to app to capture any thought — and with the new Quick Note feature, you can jot down ideas no matter where you are or what you’re doing on your Mac. It’s like writing a note directly on whatever app you’re working in. Put anything in a Quick Note Add links, Safari highlights, tags and mentions to a Quick Note, so you can get to important names, numbers and ideas easily. Finding your Quick Note is easy In supported apps, you can add links to a Quick Note and a thumbnail of your note will always show up there when you go back. Quick Notes also appear together in the Notes app — whether you’re on your Mac, iPad or iPhone. Activity view and mentions An all-new Activity view lets you see what others have added to your shared note. And you can notify members in shared notes with mentions. Just type someone’s name in a note to send them a notification. Organize with tags Tag a note using the # symbol and a keyword you can search, then find it later in the Tag Browser. All Tags #California #Dogs #Hikes #Home #Projects #Trees #TV #Time #Vacation Even better together. In even more ways. Use your Mac and iPad together to unlock faster, easier and amazingly creative ways to get things done — like never before. Universal Control makes connecting with your iPad instant and fluid. And now you can use AirPlay to add new dimensions of sharing and listening with Mac. Universal Control One way to work across your devices A single keyboard and mouse or trackpad now work seamlessly between your Mac and iPad — they’ll even connect to more than one Mac or iPad. Move your cursor from your Mac to your iPad, type on your Mac and watch the words show up on your iPad, or even drag and drop content from one Mac to another.5 No setup required Just put your devices next to each other and move your cursor seamlessly between them. Available this spring Multidevice support Available this spring Multiple devices and combinations. Get things done your way. AirPlay to Mac Put it all on display The power of AirPlay comes to Mac.6 Share, play or present content from another Apple device to the big, beautiful screen of your Mac. You can also mirror or extend your display to pump up your productivity. AirPlay speaker Mac now works as an AirPlay speaker, so you can enjoy high-fidelity sound when you play music or podcasts from another device. It can even function as a secondary speaker to create multi-room audio. Superpowers for getting things done. Introducing magical new ways to use your Mac. Bring all the information in your photos to life with Live Text and Visual Look Up. And use Shortcuts to streamline lengthy steps in workflows and everyday tasks. Live Text Live Text in photos Your Mac now lets you interact with text in any image. Click an address and it opens in Maps. Call, message or save any phone number you see. You can copy and paste just as you would with any other text. And personal details and information from images never leave your device.7 Visual Look Up Quickly learn more about landmarks, works of art, dog breeds and more with only a photo or an image you saw online.8 Shortcuts on Mac Shortcuts app Automate the things you do most often. Save time by turning something that would take multiple steps into just one, or connecting your go-to apps and services together with the Shortcuts editor. You can run them from your Dock, menu bar, the Finder, Spotlight or even with Siri. More about Shortcuts app Shortcuts app The future of Mac isn’t just bright — it’s intelligent. Shortcuts build on the capabilities of the Automator app. Now you can modernize and convert your existing Automator workflows into shortcuts. Find the perfect shortcut Browse through prebuilt shortcuts in the Shortcuts Gallery to find anything from making your own GIFs on the fly to cleaning up your Downloads folder. Organize Downloads Folder Creates subfolders within your Downloads folder, separating them into images, audio and other file types.9 Send Image to Group Chat Drag and drop an image into this shortcut to immediately send to your favourite group thread.9 Make Meme Pick an image, add your text, and you've got your own personalized meme. Split Screen 2 Apps Apps you frequently use together open side by side with a single click. Replay Play Make your own Building a shortcut is a cinch with the editor. Just click and drag actions into the order you want them, and the editor suggests what action you should add next. Share with a click Sharing shortcuts with friends or online communities is as easy as sending a link. And after you receive one, simple prompts help you set permissions that keep you in control of which data is shared when you run it. Your next adventure starts here. Exploration has never looked better. Maps delivers incredible new details that go beyond simply taking you from point A to point B. And Safari offers even more ways for you to explore online. Maps All-new city experience Explore cities with unprecedented detail for roads, neighbourhoods, trees, buildings and more. Visit amazing 3D landmarks like the Golden Gate Bridge in both the day and dark mode maps.4 New transit features Public transit integration shows nearby stations and transit times and lets you pin favourite routes to the top. Interactive globe Discover the natural beauty of Earth with a rich and interactive globe. Explore new enhanced details for mountain ranges, deserts, forests, oceans and more.4 Privacy It’s more important than ever to know how your privacy is being protected. Get greater visibility into how and when apps access your mic. And keep senders from learning about your activity in Mail. Recording indicator Control Center lets you find out which apps have access to your mic. And you’ll see the new indicator on your screen whenever an app is accessing your microphone. Mail Privacy Protection Catch up on email with more peace of mind. More about Mail Privacy Protection Mail Privacy Protection Mail Privacy Protection hides your IP address, so senders can’t link it to your other online activity or determine your location. And it prevents senders from seeing if and when you’ve opened their email. iCloud+ iCloud has always kept your important information — like photos, documents and notes — safe, up to date and accessible across all your devices. Now iCloud+ takes that experience a step further, with an all-new subscription that will replace today’s storage plans.10 Introducing iCloud+ Get everything you already love about iCloud — and new features including iCloud Private Relay, Hide My Email, and expanded HomeKit Secure Video support.11 iCloud Private Relay Beta Browse the web with more privacy. More about iCloud Private Relay iCloud Private Relay Beta iCloud Private Relay is a service that lets you connect to virtually any network and browse with Safari in an even more secure and private way. It ensures that the traffic leaving your device is encrypted and uses two separate internet relays so no one can use your IP address, location and browsing activity to create a detailed profile about you.12 Hide My Email Instantly generate unique, random email addresses that forward to your personal inbox — so you don’t have to share your real email address when filling out a form on the web or signing up for a newsletter. Hide My Email is built into Mail,13 Safari and iCloud Preferences. And so much more. AirPods audio updates. When you connect AirPods Pro, AirPods Max or AirPods (3rd generation) to Mac models with the M1 chip, Spatial Audio and dynamic head tracking help deliver a theatre-like experience with sound that surrounds you. Sound stays fixed to the device even as you move your head. If you’re watching a movie, you’ll hear the engine roar right from the car, or hear dialogue straight from the actors’ mouths. With music, you’ll hear the mix exactly as intended. Low Power Mode. Extend your MacBook battery life with Low Power Mode, which manages energy-intensive apps and processing. It directs power where you need it to get the most out of your battery.14 System-Wide Translation. Translate text almost anywhere, even in many third-party apps. Just highlight text, right‑click, and select Translate to immediately see the translation. With Live Text, you can even translate text in photos. Apple ID. Account Recovery Contacts makes resetting your password and maintaining access to your account easier than ever. And a new Digital Legacy program* lets you designate people as Legacy Contacts so they can access your account in the event of your death. See a full list of what’s new in macOS Monterey. Learn more See if your Mac can run macOS Monterey. Learn more about Mac iMac Late 2015 and later Learn more Mac Pro Late 2013 and later Learn more iMac Pro 2017 and later Mac mini Late 2014 and later Learn more MacBook Air Early 2015 and later Learn more MacBook Early 2016 and later Learn more MacBook Pro Early 2015 and later Learn more SDK Developers will love macOS, too. Learn more about developing for macOS Why Mac Incredible power. Incredibly simple. Learn more Apple Footer * Coming later this year. Users with non-Apple devices can join using the latest version of Chrome or Edge. Sending video requires H.264 video encoding support. Some shared content may require a subscription to view. Available on Mac models (2020 or later) with the M1 chip using internal speakers, wired headphones or AirPods, Intel-based Mac notebooks (2018 or later) using internal speakers or wired headphones, and Intel-based iMac (2018 or later) using wired headphones. Available on Mac models (2018 and later). Available on Mac computers with the M1 chip. Available on MacBook Pro (2016 and later), MacBook (2016 and later), MacBook Air (2018 and later), iMac (2017 and later), iMac (5K Retina 27-inch, Late 2015), iMac Pro, Mac mini (2018 and later) and Mac Pro (2019); and iPad Pro, iPad Air (3rd generation and later), iPad (6th generation and later) and iPad mini (5th generation and later). Both devices must be signed in to iCloud with the same Apple ID using two-factor authentication. To use wirelessly, both devices must have Bluetooth, Wi-Fi and Handoff turned on and must be within three meters (10 feet) of each other. iPad and Mac must not be sharing a cellular and internet connection. To use over USB, you must trust your Mac on the iPad. Available on MacBook Pro (2018 and later), MacBook Air (2018 and later), iMac (2019 and later), iMac Pro (2017), Mac mini (2020 and later), Mac Pro (2019), iPhone 7 and later, iPad Pro (2nd generation and later), iPad Air (3rd generation and later), iPad (6th generation and later) and iPad mini (5th generation and later). Older iPhone, iPad and Mac models may share content at a lower resolution to supported Mac models when “Allow AirPlay for” is set to “Everyone” or “Anyone on the same network” in Sharing preferences. Live Text is currently supported in English, Chinese, French, Italian, German, Portuguese and Spanish. Available in English (Australia, Canada, India, Singapore, UK, U.S.), French (France), German (Germany), Italian (Italy) and Spanish (Mexico, Spain, U.S.). Coming in a software update to macOS Monterey. iCloud+ plans: 50GB with one HomeKit Secure Video camera ($1.29/mo.), 200GB with up to five HomeKit Secure Video cameras ($3.99/mo.), and 2TB with an unlimited number of HomeKit Secure Video cameras ($12.99/mo.). Available with iOS 15, iPadOS 15 and macOS Monterey. When using iCloud Private Relay (Beta), some websites may have issues, like showing content for the wrong region or requiring extra steps to sign in. Available Late 2021. Available on MacBook Air (Late 2018 and later) and MacBook Pro (Early 2016 and later). Features are subject to change. Some features, applications and services may not be available in all regions, in all languages or on all Mac computers. Text contained in the Golden Gate Bridge Wikipedia entry is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License at http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0. Wikipedia® is a registered trademark of the Wikimedia Foundation, Inc., a nonprofit organization.  Apple macOS macOS Monterey Shop and Learn Open Menu Close Menu Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home AirTag Accessories Gift Cards Services Open Menu Close Menu Apple Music Apple TV+ Apple Fitness+ Apple News+ Apple Arcade iCloud Apple One Apple Pay Apple Books Apple Podcasts App Store Account Open Menu Close Menu Manage Your Apple ID Apple Store Account iCloud.com Apple Store Open Menu Close Menu Find a Store Genius Bar Today at Apple Apple Camp Apple Store App Refurbished and Clearance Financing Apple Trade In Order Status Shopping Help For Business Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Business Shop for Business Business Financing For Education Open Menu Close Menu Apple and Education Shop for K–12 Shop for University Education Financing For Healthcare Open Menu Close Menu Apple in Healthcare Health on Apple Watch Health Records on iPhone Apple Values Open Menu Close Menu Accessibility Environment Privacy Supplier Responsibility About Apple Open Menu Close Menu Newsroom Apple Leadership Career Opportunities Investors Ethics & Compliance Events Contact Apple More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
