https://support.apple.com/en-ca/tv
TV Support - Official Apple Support Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search Support Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel TV Support Billing and subscriptions Apple TV Support Stream video with AirPlay HomePod Support Use the Apple TV app Watch movies, TV shows, and live content or subscribe to premium channels. Subscribe to Apple TV channels Start watching now Get Apple TV+ Watch all-new, on-demand Apple Originals across your devices in the Apple TV app. Subscribe to Apple TV+ Stream movies and TV shows Watch anywhere Buy or rent movies and TV shows, and watch on any of your devices with the Apple TV app. Buy movies and content Rent movies Get the Apple TV or Apple TV+ app Learn how to set up the Apple TV or Apple TV+ app on a compatible smart TV, streaming device, or game console. Find out more Accessibility features Customize your viewing experience with subtitles, closed captions, and audio-described content. Learn more about accessibility features Search for more topics Search Support To reveal list of choices, type. Search Support Clear Search Apple Communities Find answers, ask questions, and connect with other Apple users. Ask or search now Get Support We can help you find the best support options. Start now Support app Get personalized access to solutions for your Apple products. Download the Apple Support app Apple Footer Apple Support TV Support Product Support Open Menu Close Menu iPhone Support Mac Support iPad Support Watch Support AirPods Support Music Support TV Support Support Site Map Service and Repair Open Menu Close Menu Apple Repair Options Service and Repair Information AppleCare Products Hardware Warranties Software License Agreements Complimentary Support Resources Open Menu Close Menu My Support Downloads Manuals Tech Specs Accessibility Connect Open Menu Close Menu Contact Us Phone Numbers Support app Apple Communities Apple Support Videos @AppleSupport Canada (English)Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
