https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/mega-man-x-dive-mobile/id1551080648
‎MEGA MAN X DiVE - MOBILE on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview MEGA MAN X DiVE - MOBILE 12+ Classic 3D Action Game YunChang Games Designed for iPad 4.5 • 362 Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPad iPhone Description The latest chapter in the classic action shooting game, "MEGAMAN X!" Play as the legendary irregular hunters X and Zero, and take on the internet world known as the "Deep Log." "MEGAMAN X" CLASSIC SERIES RETURNS! Dashes, jumps, buster, and saber! The game retains the authentic actions of "MEGAMAN X" and has added automatic aiming and 360-degree shooting. The unique optimization of this game makes movements even smoother! The size and positioning of the buttons can also be customized to make it even closer to the original "MEGAMAN X!" Unlock the Gallery with Megaman X The images and 3D models in this game have been recreated using the latest specifications. The characters of your memories will be introduced with brand new appearances! Perform Combo with S-Tier Weapons In addition to the necessary busters and sabers, there will be a large number of weapons added to the game. Try the beam sickle of Grim Reaper Sigma and enjoy the thrill of tearing through enemies! Exciting Boss Challenge In addition, collect corresponding chips by defeating BOSSES. Make BOSS skills part of your own arsenal, and swiftly defeat all of the enemies. Both a Foe and a Friend This is the first time that the "Co-op" system is implemented in the "MEGAMAN X" series! Enjoy completing difficult levels with your friends. In the "Versus Mode," you can use the characters you've cultivated and show off various skills to defeat your opponents. Official Facebook link: https://www.facebook.com/MEGAMANXDiveMOBILE/﻿ Official Twitter link: https://twitter.com/MEGAMANXDiVEMO1﻿ Official Discord link: https://discord.com/invite/megamanxdive What’s New Jul 13, 2022 Version 4.0 -- New Feature: Deep Recorder; -- Guild System Changes: Added "Bounty Lobby" and "Energy Pillar" -- Raised the Maximum Level; -- Brand-New Chapter and Challenge Stages; -- Other feature optimizations and adjustments. -- Fixed a few known bugs. Ratings and Reviews 4.5 out of 5 362 Ratings 362 Ratings Frustrated dc legends player , 2022-07-07 Fun game but draw rates for characters are very poor It’s a fun mega man game and I love that you can play with any character you want. The only thing that sucks is whenever there are banners with both characters and weapons, I’ve noticed that the odds seem to always to be in favour of the weapons. Multiple draws and it feels like 85% of the time that a weapon A rank or S rank always appears as opposed to an A rank or S rank characters appearing. Other than that, it’s fun. 00FH43D47 , 2021-08-16 Needs bug fixes The problem is that the game crashes whenever you end the mission, I’ve tried closing all my tabs and it still crashes. LightMan960 , 2022-03-08 Excellent mais… J’aime bien mais pourquoi je n’arrive pas à y jouer avec mon gamepad (ps4 dual shock)…Même sur PC ça fonctionne pas…Et impossible encore plus d’y jouer sur Steam, car une version japonaise incomplète la remplace (même pas en français et aucune connection facebook/apple, etc en plus…) App Privacy The developer, YunChang Games, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Used to Track You The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: Identifiers Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: User Content Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller YUNCHANG Size 2.6 GB Category Games Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 10.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 10.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English, Japanese, Thai, Traditional Chinese Age Rating 12+ Frequent/Intense Cartoon or Fantasy Violence Infrequent/Mild Medical/Treatment Information Infrequent/Mild Simulated Gambling Copyright © Capcom Taiwan CO., LTD. Price Free In-App Purchases Daily Pack (Element Metal) $1.39 Weekly Pack (Element Metal) $11.99 Exclusive Pack $3.99 Daily Pack (Element Metal) $3.99 Monthly Pack (Element Metal) $39.99 Monthly Activity Upper Reward $11.99 Premium Character Pack $3.99 Daily Pack (Element Metal) $6.99 Gift Pack $14.99 Daily Boost Pack (30 days) $6.99 App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Game Center Challenge friends and check leaderboards and achievements. You Might Also Like GUNDAM BREAKER MOBILE Games LAST CLOUDIA Games BLEACH Mobile 3D Games FFVII THE FIRST SOLDIER Games DQ Dai: A Hero’s Bonds Games Contra Returns Games More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
