https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/ffvii-the-first-soldier/id1536906780
‎FFVII THE FIRST SOLDIER on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview FFVII THE FIRST SOLDIER 17+ RPG-Infused Action SQUARE ENIX 4.1 • 346 Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description FINAL FANTASY VII THE FIRST SOLDIER Take the fight to the streets of the Midgar metropolis in Season 3: Highway Star! Utilize the various gadgets available to the new Machinist style, obliterate the competition with a rocket launcher, lock on to enemies with water materia, and more in this new update. Fight to join the ranks of Shinra's elite SOLDIER unit in this high-octane battle royale shooter, infused with RPG elements from the FINAL FANTASY series.Choose a combat style, such as Warrior or Sorcerer, and eliminate your rivals by any means necessary, be it gun, sword, or magic. Defeat monsters to earn experience points and gil, call upon fan-favorite summons such as Ifrit to fight for you, and catch a chocobo to dash and glide across the battlefield. ▼▼Latest Info▼▼ News on events and more can be found from our website and official social media accounts. Website: https://www.ffviifs.com/en/ Official Twitter account: https://twitter.com/ffvii_fs_en ▼▼Recommended Devices▼▼ iPhone 6s or later with iOS 13.0 or higher with at least 2GB of RAM required *Certain devices may be incompatible with the game even if they meet the above requirements. ▼▼About the Game▼▼ ・Fight Using a Combination of Melee, Magic, and Firearms Use all the options at your disposal to overwhelm your enemies in highly varied and strategic combat. ・Level Up and Upgrade Your Arsenal During Battle Fight monsters on the battlefield to gain experience points, power up your skills, and raise your max HP. Use gil you pick up to upgrade your equipment and purchase items. ・Choose from Varied Styles, Each with Different Strengths Will you be a Warrior and take the fight to the enemy with powerful melee attacks? Or do you prefer the ability to cast augmented spells as a Sorcerer? Perhaps sneaking in and out of combat as a Ninja is more suited to you? Choose from these styles and more before every battle to determine your playstyle! ・Visit and Play in Iconic Locations from FFVII Seventh Heaven, Corneo's mansion, the train graveyard, and even a familiar house surrounded by flowers are just some of the iconic locations you can visit in each expansive map. ・Fully Customize Your Character Choose a look that fits your unique personality with a huge variety of costumes, emotes, and more. ▼▼Production Staff▼▼ Tetsuya Nomura serves as creative director for this official chapter of FINAL FANTASY VII. Executive Producer: Yoshinori Kitase Creative Director: Tetsuya Nomura Producer: Shoichi Ichikawa Scenario Supervisor: Kazushige Nojima (Stellavista Ltd.) Development: Ateam Entertainment Inc. What’s New Jul 19, 2022 Version 1.0.18 - Event preparations - Balance adjustments - Bug Fixes - Feature improvements Ratings and Reviews 4.1 out of 5 346 Ratings 346 Ratings Listenstogoodmusic , 2021-11-21 Listen up, ignore bad review idiots The game is a final fantasy battle royal. There are plenty of Easter eggs for fans and they take care to add music from the games and lots of cool little details. You can use melee weapons, guns, and/or materia to fight. It does well at what is it, which is another battle royale. PS- all the people the wrote bad reviews only complained about the graphics or their personal opinion that they didn’t want a FF battle royale they are all IDIOTS, ignore the useless reviews. If you didn’t want this game don’t play it, doesn’t make it bad. Shutup tools 😂 -The graphics are optimized for phones to work with so many players, never lags and a lot of fun if you want a new twist on battle royale or if you are an FF fan who enjoys shooters. -One thing I agree on is this should be ported to consoles the phone controls are atrocious though. Stohik84 , 2021-11-19 Decent Idea, wrong system Should be optimized for and released on console. Switch would be a decent market that doesn’t have much competition. sunsingh05 , 2022-06-17 Great Final Fantasy Battle Royale I’m very happy with this game. I don’t hate Cloud no more! It gives me an excuse to play on my phone. App Privacy The developer, SQUARE ENIX, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Used to Track You The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: Identifiers Usage Data Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Identifiers Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: User Content Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller SQUARE ENIX Co., Ltd. Size 1.6 GB Category Games Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 13.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 13.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 13.0 or later. Languages English, French, German, Korean, Spanish, Traditional Chinese Age Rating 17+ Frequent/Intense Realistic Violence Infrequent/Mild Sexual Content and Nudity Frequent/Intense Mature/Suggestive Themes Frequent/Intense Cartoon or Fantasy Violence Copyright © 1997, 2021, 2022 SQUARE ENIX CO., LTD. All Rights Reserved. Powered by Ateam Entertainment Inc. CHARACTER DESIGN: TETSUYA NOMURA Price Free In-App Purchases Shinra Credit Set D $27.99 Shinra Credit Set C $13.99 Shinra Credit Set A $2.79 Shinra Credit Set F $109.99 Shinra Credit Set B $6.99 Shinra Credit Set B $6.99 Shinra Credit Set C $13.99 Shinra Credit Set D $27.99 Shinra Credit Set E $67.99 Shinra Credit Set E $67.99 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy More By This Developer FINAL FANTASY BRAVE EXVIUS Games KINGDOM HEARTS Uχ Dark Road Games FINALFANTASY XV POCKET EDITION Games Life Is Strange Games DISSIDIA FINAL FANTASY OO Games FFBE WAR OF THE VISIONS Games You Might Also Like Albion Online Games OVERDOX Games LAST CLOUDIA Games SMASH LEGENDS Games Raziel: Dungeon Arena Games Guardians of Cloudia Games More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
