https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/altos-odyssey-remastered/id1538650027
‎Alto's Odyssey — Remastered on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel Mac App Store Preview Apple Arcade Try It Free* Play over 200 games. No ads. No in‑app purchases. Try It Free* Apple Arcade Alto's Odyssey — Remastered 4+ The Lost City Snowman Screenshots Mac iPhone iPad Apple TV Description Join Alto and his friends on an endless sandboarding journey to find The Lost City and unearth the secrets hidden within. Soar above windswept dunes, traverse thrilling canyons, explore ancient temples and delve into vast caverns in a fantastical place far from home. On this journey, you’ll grind across vines, bounce atop hot air balloons, ride towering rock walls, glide in your wingsuit, and escape mischievous lemurs – all while uncovering the desert’s many mysteries. Explore a new biome with special hidden challenges, layered among the classic Alto’s Odyssey experience that long-term fans know and love — only on Apple Arcade. • Easy to learn, difficult to master. At the heart of the Alto series is an elegant one-touch trick system. Chain together combos, and complete hundreds of goals to unlock new items and abilities — all with intuitive controls. • Discover four stunning Biomes. From The Dunes, to The Canyons, The Temples, and, for the first time, The Lost City. Explore these rich and diverse landscapes, each boasting unique visuals and gameplay. • Newfound heights. Uncover secrets in the sky with hot-air balloons, moving grind rails, wall riding and wingsuiting. • Master the elements. In addition to dynamic lighting and weather effects like sandstorms and shooting stars, the desert is home to swirling wind vortexes and rushing water. • Meet Alto and friends. Unlock six unique characters, each with their own attributes and abilities. • Zen Mode. Complete with its own serene soundtrack, this meditative mode distills Odyssey down to its purest elements: no scores, no coins, and no power-ups. Just you and the endless desert. • Photo Mode. From the pause screen, get behind the lens and take stunning photos of your trip through the desert. Pan and zoom to frame the ideal shot, and share them with friends and family. • Original music and handcrafted audio. Headphones recommended! • iCloud support. Play on your Mac, iPhone, iPad, and Apple TV, and your progress will always be in sync. What’s New Apr 14, 2022 Version 1.1.4 There are new mysteries to uncover throughout the Lost City! If you're up for a challenge, dive back into our newest biome to find and collect the secrets hidden within. This update includes: • 15 new Lost Goals to find and complete • Various improvements to translations across a number of languages • Improvements to existing Lost Goals tracking • Animation tweaks to a number of characters • General performance and usability improvements across all platforms App Privacy The developer, Snowman, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Usage Data Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Snowman Size 107.3 MB Category Games Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 13.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 13.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 13.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later. Apple TV Requires tvOS 13.0 or later. Game Controller Optional Languages English, Arabic, Danish, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Welsh Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2021 Built By Snowman, Inc. Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Game Controllers Play this game with your favourite compatible controller. Game Center Challenge friends and check leaderboards and achievements. Featured In GET STARTED Apps Optimized for Mac With Apple Silicon These apps take full advantage of the powerful hardware. More By This Developer Alto's Odyssey Games Apple Arcade Skate City Games Apple Arcade Where Cards Fall Games Apple Arcade Alto's Adventure — Remastered Games Circles Memory Game Games Super Squares – Free Puzzle Game Games You Might Also Like Apple Arcade Populus Run Games Apple Arcade Sayonara Wild Hearts Games Apple Arcade Rayman Mini Games Apple Arcade Super Leap Day Games Apple Arcade Angry Birds Reloaded Games Apple Arcade BADLAND+ Games Play over 200 games. No ads. No in‑app purchases. Try It Free* *New subscribers only. Sign-up required. Subscription automatically renews for a monthly fee after trial. More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
