https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/apple-support/id1130498044?pt=2003&ct=support.footer&mt=8&l=en
‎Apple Support on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Apple Support 4+ We’re here to help Apple 3.5 • 1K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Need help? Get the support you need for the Apple products you love—all in one place. Apple Support gives you personalized access to solutions for all of your Apple products and services. Learn how to manage your subscriptions, reset your Apple ID password, and more. Talk with a real person to troubleshoot an issue, or get guided, step-by-step solutions to resolve it yourself. And if you decide to visit the Genius Bar or an Apple Authorized Service Provider, Apple Support can help you find a nearby store, book a reservation, and add a pass to Wallet for easy check-in. Note: The Apple Support app and certain features are available only in select countries or regions. You are not required to purchase an AppleCare+ plan to use the Apple Support app. If you purchase an AppleCare+ plan, payment will be charged to your Apple ID account at the confirmation of purchase. For monthly payment plans (if available in your country or region), your account will be automatically charged within 24 hours prior to the end of the current billing period. You can manage your monthly payment plan by going to your account settings on your device after purchase. All plans can be cancelled at any time in accordance with your AppleCare+ Terms and Conditions, which can be found at apple.com/legal/sales-support/applecare/applecareplus/. See apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww for the Apple Privacy Policy. What’s New Jul 27, 2022 Version 4.7.1 • Performance enhancements and bug fixes Introduced in version 4.7: • Added Arabic as a supported language • Introduced the option to choose or modify your preferred contact number in Account Ratings and Reviews 3.5 out of 5 1K Ratings 1K Ratings Osobigg , 2017-12-04 Was 5 Stars, Now 4 Prior version of app has a easier to use interface for finding support. Discover tab useful, but Get Support tab now harder to use, searching results in articles cluttering finding symptoms or leading to getting support from a person or chat or even email support. Recommend a Silo approach to search in the app Discover tab can search articles Get Support can search for symptoms to actually get support Articles can still be an option for resolution of issues, but after putting in symptoms Crashmass , 2017-11-13 Sent from my iPad I never realized I needed an app like this until now. Thanks! Chadical Chad , 2017-11-16 Perfect This is great! Couldn’t find what I was looking for then this came out and the Apple staff helped so much ! App Privacy The developer, Apple, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Financial Info Location Contact Info User Content Identifiers Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Search History Usage Data Diagnostics Other Data Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Apple Canada, Inc. Size 35.2 MB Category Utilities Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Languages English, Arabic, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. Price Free App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Wallet Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. More By This Developer Clips Photo & Video iTunes Remote Entertainment Shazam: Music Discovery Music Keynote Productivity Numbers Productivity Pages Productivity You Might Also Like 17TRACK Package Tracker Utilities eWeLink-Smart Home Utilities TotalAV Utilities Nomorobo Robocall Blocking Utilities Google Smart Lock Utilities Gemini Photos: Gallery Cleaner Utilities More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
