https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/subway-surfers-tag/id1526309639?itscg=10000&itsct=arc-0-apl_hp-sst_try-apl-ref-220717
‎Subway Surfers Tag on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel Mac App Store Preview Apple Arcade Try It Free* Play over 200 games. No ads. No in‑app purchases. Try It Free* Apple Arcade Subway Surfers Tag 9+ Skate, grind, tag and escape‪!‬ Sybo Games ApS Screenshots Mac iPhone iPad Apple TV Description Challenge Guard in off-limit areas including the Railyard, Park, Docks, and Underground - SURF INTO THE YARD AND ALWAYS KEEP MOVING Join the Crew across multiple off-limit, interactive city locations. Skate over the retired trains in the railyard, play in the park after dark, pick up some power-ups at the cargo docks or investigate the mysterious underground. But watch out! Guard is not about to put up with these shenanigans and is hot on your heels - and this time, he’s brought reinforcements! - SKATE, GRIND, TAG, AND ESCAPE Chase your high score! Free skate across the arena, grinding rails, landing jumps, tagging objectives and blasting the clean up crew bots to gain sweet combo point action. Avoid Guard and his clean-up-crew as they chase you down to put an end to this foolishness. - TOP TIER You deserve something shiny. Reach high score milestones to collect arena Medals and use them to unlock the next chapter. Remember, you can always revisit earlier arenas to collect those previously out of reach Medals. - BOOST YOUR HIGH SCORE Pick up re-imagined Subway Surfers power-ups to increase your score multiplier, and set new high scores. Collect and spend star coins to use on upgrading your crew for all future runs. Complete mission sets to increase your score multiplier for future runs. - WORK HARD, PLAY HARD Are you up for the challenge? Keep pushing your High Score and feel the heat as Guard pulls out all the stops to put an end to the chase! What’s New Jul 13, 2022 Version 1.0.7317 - Hover with the coolest crew in the city - The Subway Surfers - Play a game of Tag against the mustachioed Guard and his clean-up-crew - Spray, grind and paint-blast your way towards a new High Score - Drop-in to three unique arenas with their own secrets and challenges to discover - Challenge Guard in off-limit areas including the Railyard, Park, and Docks Events NOW AVAILABLE PREMIERE Same crew, new adventures! Tag your way through unique arenas with the Subway Surfers crew. Watch out for the Guard and his new mechanical minions! App Privacy The developer, Sybo Games ApS, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Usage Data Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Sybo Games ApS Size 300 MB Category Games Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 13.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 13.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 13.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 12.0 or later. Apple TV Requires tvOS 13.0 or later. Game Controller Optional Languages English, Arabic, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Traditional Chinese, Turkish Age Rating 9+ Infrequent/Mild Cartoon or Fantasy Violence Copyright ©Sybo 2012 - 2022 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Game Controllers Play this game with your favourite compatible controller. Game Center Challenge friends and check leaderboards and achievements. More By This Developer Subway Surfers Sticker Pack Stickers Subway Minifig Stickers Stickers Subway Surfers Games Blades of Brim Games You Might Also Like Apple Arcade Sayonara Wild Hearts Games Apple Arcade Mind Symphony Games Apple Arcade Super Mega Mini Party Games Apple Arcade Marble It Up: Mayhem! Games Apple Arcade Crossy Road Castle Games Apple Arcade Alto's Odyssey — Remastered Games Play over 200 games. No ads. No in‑app purchases. Try It Free* *New subscribers only. Sign-up required. Subscription automatically renews for a monthly fee after trial. More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
