https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/spongebob-squarepants/id1523633394
‎SpongeBob SquarePants on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview SpongeBob SquarePants 9+ Battle for Bikini Bottom HandyGames #73 in Adventure 4.4 • 69 Ratings $13.99 Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple TV Description Are you ready, kids? Play as SpongeBob, Patrick and Sandy and show the evil Plankton that crime pays even less than Mr. Krabs. Want to save Bikini Bottom from lots of rampant robots with your mighty bubbles? Of course you do! Want to underpants bungee jump? Why wouldn't you! The battle is on! Features: - Play as SpongeBob, Patrick and Sandy and use their unique sets of skills - Thwart Plankton's evil plan to rule Bikini Bottom with his army of wacky robots - Meet countless characters from the beloved series - Faithful remake of one of the best SpongeBob games ever created - High-end visuals, modern resolutions and carefully polished gameplay - Game Center support Thank you for playing SpongeBob SquarePants: Battle for Bikini Bottom! Get in touch with HandyGamesTM: www.handy-games.com Join us on Facebook: HandyGames Subscribe to our YouTube channel: HandyGames Check news on Twitter: @handy_games Follow us on Instagram: handygames Imprint: http://www.handy-games.com/contact/ © www.handy-games.com GmbH What’s New Dec 16, 2021 Version 1.2.4 - Fixed sound issue when switching apps on iOS 15 - Fixed savegame menus looking wrong in some languages - Fixed layout of some options - Fixed a graphical glitch with the condiment island in the Krusty Krab - Minor text and localisation fixes - Latin-American Spanish is now correctly listed as a supported language in the App Store Ratings and Reviews 4.4 out of 5 69 Ratings 69 Ratings Gill glam , 2021-09-20 Please read my whole review! (NEEDS AN UPDATE) On the goo lagoon level where you reach mr. Krabs. The 3 moving tiki heads is bugged, if you jump on them your hit box is toooooo big and knocks you straight off, and if that doesn’t kill you. The BUG where you jump on the first one instantly kills you and plays the death scene even though YOU DIDNT TOUCH ANYTHING!!! not only that but Mrs puff spatula mission has no way to kill the robot spawner and get back. Once you destroy it the length to jump back is way to big and is unreachable. Plus it thinks you are out of bounds when your not. This is within my first 8 hours of gameplay. I’ve tried atleast 40 times on each of these spatulas even trying different ways to get it. I got so fed up I just continued and came back. Still couldn’t get em. Other than these two bugs the game is great and playable for the most part and graphics look spectacular and brings back child hood memories dawson monizzz , 2021-01-22 I’m loving this on mobile I love rehydrated on mobile i 100% beated rehydrated on ps4 and switch and I’m so excited to 100% beat this on mobile I hope thq Nordic remakes the spongebob movie game Jules.dempsey , 2021-01-27 100% recommend This games graphics are so amazing and all the colours make for an amazing and exiting game, It really just hits different. App Privacy The developer, HandyGames, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Not Collected The developer does not collect any data from this app. Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller www.handy-games.com GmbH Size 3.1 GB Category Games Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 13.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 13.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 13.0 or later. Apple TV Requires tvOS 13.0 or later. Game Controller Optional Languages English, French, German, Hindi, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish Age Rating 9+ Infrequent/Mild Profanity or Crude Humour Infrequent/Mild Cartoon or Fantasy Violence Copyright © 2021 Viacom International Inc., THQ Nordic GmbH, Purple Lamp Game Development GmbH, www.handy-games.com GmbH Price $13.99 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Game Controllers Play this game with your favourite compatible controller. Game Center Challenge friends and check leaderboards and achievements. Family Sharing Up to six family members can use this app with Family Sharing enabled. More By This Developer 1944 Burning Bridges Games Neighbours from Hell - Season 1 Games Neighbours From Hell: Season 2 Games Shark or Die Games Guns'n'Glory Games Farm Invasion USA Games You Might Also Like Bully: Anniversary Edition Games Sonic Runners Adventure Games Dead Cells Games Bendy and the Ink Machine Games Human: Fall Flat Games Five Nights at Freddy's: HW Games More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
