https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/numbers/id361304891
‎Numbers on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Numbers 4+ Create impressive spreadsheets Apple 3.0 • 1.1K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Numbers is the most innovative spreadsheet app ever designed for a mobile device. Get started with one of over 30 Apple-designed templates for your home budget, checklist, invoice, mortgage calculator, and more. Choose from over 250 powerful functions. Draw and write with Apple Pencil on supported devices, or use your finger. Tap to add tables, charts, text, and images anywhere on the free-form canvas. Animate your data with interactive column, bar, scatter, and bubble charts. Easily filter through large tables. Find patterns and trends using pivot tables. Collaborate with others at the same time • With real-time collaboration, your whole team can work together on a spreadsheet at the same time on Mac, iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch—even on a PC • Share your spreadsheet publicly or with specific people, see who’s currently in the spreadsheet with you, and view other people’s cursors to follow their edits • Available on spreadsheets stored in iCloud or in Box Beautiful spreadsheets • Over 30 Apple-designed templates give your spreadsheets a beautiful start • Place tables, charts, text, and images anywhere on the free-form canvas • Add and resize multiple tables on a single sheet • Insert photos, music, and video with the Media Browser • Enhance your spreadsheets with a library of over 700 editable shapes • Create a form to quickly enter data on the go • Import and edit Microsoft Excel spreadsheets, Comma Separated Values (CSV), and tab-delimited text Formulas for everyone • Choose from over 250 powerful functions, including XLOOKUP and RegEx • Get function suggestions as soon as you start typing a formula • Search the integrated function browser for built-in help and sample formulas • Easily add stock information to spreadsheets Everything adds up. Beautifully • Use Pivot Tables and Smart Categories to see your data in a whole new way • Quickly organize and summarize tables to gain new insights • Insert gorgeous 2D and 3D charts, including bar, column, line, area, pie, donut, and radar charts • Animate data with interactive column, bar, scatter, and bubble charts • Automatically highlight cells based on rules for numbers, text, dates, and durations • Easily filter through large tables for specific values, text, or duplicate entries • Change values in cells using sliders, steppers, checkboxes, pop-ups, and star ratings iCloud • Turn on iCloud so you can access and edit your spreadsheets from your Mac, iPad, iPhone, iPod touch, and from a Mac or PC browser at www.icloud.com • Numbers automatically saves your spreadsheet as you make changes Share a copy of your work • Export your spreadsheet to CSV, PDF, and Microsoft Excel • Use AirDrop to send your spreadsheet to anyone nearby • Quickly and easily share a link to your work via Mail, Messages, Twitter, or Facebook Some features may require Internet access; additional fees and terms may apply. What’s New Jun 21, 2022 Version 12.1 - Improved performance when inserting rows and columns in large tables Ratings and Reviews 3.0 out of 5 1.1K Ratings 1.1K Ratings Kjjjhtibfgugtjdrjdsttbd , 2017-07-08 Wish I had read the reviews before I updated. Loved this program last year for keeping track of vacation expenses. I foolishly updated the program and now it's useless for what I need. The quick date entry is gone. If I copy paste information from a website, it comes in with a black background which I don't want and can't get rid of. It's gone from being easy to use to frustrating. Mario-Olivier , 2018-09-19 Réduire le clavier Je gère mon budget sur Number depuis des années et je crois que c’est la meilleure app pour le faire. Si vous pouviez trouver le moyen de réduire le clavier ou d’en créer un qui s’arrime avec Number, de manière à ce que l’on voit davantage de surface de page, ce serait fantastique. Mimiruby , 2017-06-23 Still crap Le keyboard takes all the screen. Can you just give us back the old version? App Privacy The developer, Apple, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Contact Info User Content Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Apple Canada, Inc. Size 533.7 MB Category Productivity Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Languages English, Arabic, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2010 - 2022 Apple Inc. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy More By This Developer Apple Support Utilities Clips Photo & Video iTunes Remote Entertainment Shazam: Music Discovery Music Keynote Productivity Pages Productivity You Might Also Like Bear - Markdown Notes Productivity MindNode - Mind Map & Outline Productivity OffiXLS spreadsheet editor Productivity Logitech Control Productivity Utility Spreadsheet Productivity Microsoft Excel Productivity More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
