https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/itunes-remote/id284417350
‎iTunes Remote on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview iTunes Remote 4+ Apple 4.5 • 7.1K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description iTunes Remote is the best way to control Apple Music, iTunes, or the Apple TV app from anywhere in your home. Simply download the app to your iPhone or iPad, and connect directly to Apple Music, iTunes, or the Apple TV app on your Mac or PC. With iTunes Remote you can: • Access your Apple Music, Apple TV, or iTunes libraries • Browse music by artist, albums, and songs • Browse movies, TV shows, and podcasts • Create and edit playlists • See upcoming songs with Up Next • Search your entire Apple Music, Apple TV, or iTunes libraries • Explore shared Apple Music, Apple TV, or iTunes libraries • Listen with AirPlay • Send music to AirPlay speakers • Group speakers together to play music in multiple rooms at the same time • Set the volume on each speaker independently Requirements: • iPhone, iPad, or iPod touch with iOS 11.4 or later • Wi-Fi connection to Apple TV, Apple Music, or iTunes on a Mac or PC • macOS 10.15.2 or higher for Apple Music and the Apple TV app • iTunes 12.8 or later is recommended for use with iTunes Remote What’s New Feb 27, 2020 Version 4.5.1 ⁃ Support for the Apple Music and Apple TV apps in macOS Catalina ⁃ Support for Dark Mode with iOS 13 and later Ratings and Reviews 4.5 out of 5 7.1K Ratings 7.1K Ratings Bobfhgc , 2020-06-26 Amazing Nice TB-A03 , 2019-12-14 Sad all Browsing is tedious at best, can’t edit or create playlists, no landscape mode to actually see the title of the now playing , can’t be an airplay receiver to just stream to your phone, doesn’t use the iPhone lock screen “now playing” so you always have to open the app, no lock screen widget, does not work on older iOS like itouch4 so we can recycle those useless devices in remotes Karasmatik , 2020-04-26 Love it!!! It allows me to work from a distance. App Privacy The developer, Apple, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Identifiers Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Apple Canada, Inc. Size 12.6 MB Category Entertainment Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 11.4 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 11.4 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 11.4 or later. Languages English, Arabic, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2020 Apple Inc. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy More By This Developer Apple Support Utilities Clips Photo & Video Shazam: Music Discovery Music Keynote Productivity Numbers Productivity Pages Productivity You Might Also Like Winter Fireplace Entertainment Onkyo Controller Entertainment Infuse 7 Entertainment BritBox: The Best British TV Entertainment Ford Play Entertainment The Criterion Channel Entertainment More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
