https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/clips/id1212699939
‎Clips on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Clips 4+ Say it with video Apple 3.7 • 476 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Clips is a free app for making fun videos to share with friends and family. With a few taps you can create vertical and horizontal videos with immersive camera effects, artistic filters, dynamic music, animated text, emoji, stickers, and more. Make quick videos • Record vertical and horizontal video clips with simple controls • Add photos and videos from your library to quickly create a multi-clip video • Drag and pinch while recording to add smooth pan and zoom animations • Easily adjust the length of your clips and reorder them • Connect a Bluetooth keyboard, mouse, or trackpad to create videos quickly Amazing camera effects and animations • Record fun, immersive AR Spaces that turn your room into a rainbow light show, dance floor, confetti party, and more* • Record expressive clips with the Memoji you make in Messages** • Selfie Scenes place you within 360-degree video environments with special filters and sound effects** • Apply artistic filters to turn any photo or video into a moody painting, silent film, or comic book illustration*** Captions, text, and posters • Live Title captions are automatically generated as you speak and appear onscreen to match the timing of your voiceover • Apply customizable text stickers to label elements in your videos and photos • Use full-screen posters with animated backgrounds and customizable text to help tell your story Fun stickers and emoji • Add animated emoji, speech bubbles, illustrated stickers, and shapes to your photos and video clips • Stick emoji, stickers, and text onto your face and watch them move with you • Express even more emotions with the featured Mickey and Minnie Mouse stickers Complete your video with music • Add a music track from your library or choose from more than 100 soundtracks that automatically adjust to the length of your video • Create songs in GarageBand and other music apps, then add them directly to your Clips videos Easy sharing • Quickly send your videos to friends and family via Mail and Messages • Share directly to Instagram and other popular social media sites • Use iCloud to view and edit your Clips videos on any of your iOS devices * AR Spaces require iPhone 12 Pro, iPhone 12 Pro Max, or iPad Pro (2020 or later) ** Memoji and Selfie Scenes require an iPhone or iPad with TrueDepth camera system *** Some effects require iPhone 7 or later, iPad (6th generation), or iPad Pro (2017) or later What’s New Sept 20, 2021 Version 3.1.2 • Import and edit video captured in Cinematic mode on iPhone 13 • Apply effects like filters, stickers and emoji to video recorded in Cinematic mode • Add videos or photos from your Photos library with a single tap, without having to record each one into your project • Import and edit ProRes video* • Add ProRAW images to your videos • Stability updates and improvements * Requires iPhone 13, iPad mini (6th generation), iPad Pro 11-inch or iPad Pro 12.9-inch (3rd generation or later) Ratings and Reviews 3.7 out of 5 476 Ratings 476 Ratings Ida JCK , 2020-11-14 Hmmm Just updated the App today and now won’t let me save the clip to share. I used to love it. Wolfy Ana , 2021-02-28 Great app but... I’d really love it if you you could have 2 videos in 1 clip kind of like duetting in Tiktok, just a suggestion. emilia12310320 , 2021-01-14 Pls fix it The app keeps freezing and taking forever to load. But love the effects and posters. App Privacy The developer, Apple, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: User Content Identifiers Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Location Identifiers Usage Data Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Apple Canada, Inc. Size 241.6 MB Category Photo & Video Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 15.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 15.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 15.0 or later. Languages English, Arabic, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2017-2021 Apple Inc. All Rights Reserved. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy More By This Developer Apple Support Utilities iTunes Remote Entertainment Shazam: Music Discovery Music Keynote Productivity Numbers Productivity Pages Productivity You Might Also Like LumaFusion Photo & Video Teleprompter BIGVU Photo & Video Spark Camera & Video Editor Photo & Video EFEKT Video Maker by Picsart Photo & Video Focos Live Photo & Video Doubletake by FiLMiC Pro Photo & Video More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
