https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/macys/id341036067
‎Macy's on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Macy's 4+ Shopping with style & rewards‪!‬ Macys Inc Designed for iPhone 4.8 • 630 Ratings Free iPhone Screenshots Description The latest version of the Macy’s iPhone app is better than ever! Whether you’re shopping styles for him, her, kids or your home, use the Macy’s app to shop our entire site—anytime, anywhere. Don’t forget to manage your Star Rewards account on the go so you can take advantage of special offers, in-store savings, and more! Plus, check prices, stay organized with Lists & create a style board with fave looks to share with friends for real-time feedback. SHOP LIKE AN ALL-STAR: - Enable notifications for early access to new collections & exclusive deals. - See furniture in your space virtually before you buy. -Take our Style Inspo quiz to get daily fashion recs in your Style Feed. VIEW JUST-FOR-YOU UPDATES: -See your current orders & rewards balance right when you open the app. -Keep tabs on points & when your rewards expire. -Quickly find your unique order bar code & store pickup details. USE STORE MODE: - Scan bar codes to check prices, read reviews and see more colors & sizes—even order online! -With Macy’s maps, tell us what you’re looking for & we’ll tell you where to go. MANAGE ALL THINGS STAR REWARDS - Easily check your Macy’s Card account balance. - Schedule & make payments right from the app. - Track your progress toward the next loyalty status & more! CHECK OUT FASTER WITH WALLET: - Find all your Macy’s offers, all in one place. Use them online & in store. - Check out faster with the best offer, every time. - Manage your payment info in a secure spot. CREATE LISTS & GET FASHION ADVICE: - Collect your faves in one place. Just tap “Add to List.” You can create a List for every occasion! - Get alerts whenever the price drops on one of your items. - Make a style board, share it with friends & get their feedback. *Continued use of GPS running in the background can dramatically decrease battery life. What’s New Jul 26, 2022 Version 10.14.0 All for you! Here are a few updates we’re rolling out this week to help enhance your app experience:   • Tech upgrade alert: We’ve fixed bugs and rolled out miscellaneous improvements across the app, including updated error messages and Bag enhancements Have feedback? Leave a comment so we can continue to bring you the best of Macy’s. Ratings and Reviews 4.8 out of 5 630 Ratings 630 Ratings Gooddog05 , 2021-03-05 The Macy’s app The Macy’s app is awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome awesome angela anke , 2019-09-18 Great app Very easy to use Hanngurger , 2020-11-15 Only works for the US I downloaded this app and signed up for an account only to discover that you cannot use an address outside of the United States. There is no point in having this app available in the Canadian App Store. App Privacy The developer, Macys Inc, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Used to Track You The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: Purchases Identifiers Usage Data Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Purchases Financial Info Location Contact Info User Content Search History Identifiers Usage Data Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: User Content Diagnostics Other Data Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Macys Inc Size 202.7 MB Category Shopping Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 13.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 13.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Location This app may use your location even when it isn't open, which can decrease battery life. Copyright © 2020 Macy’s, Inc. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy You Might Also Like FragranceNet Shopping Saks OFF 5TH Shopping Rue La La - Shop Top Fashion Shopping Express Shopping Saks Fifth Avenue Shopping Bloomingdale's: Designer Style Shopping More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
