https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/rei-co-op-shop-outdoor-gear/id404849387
‎REI Co-op – Shop Outdoor Gear on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview REI Co-op – Shop Outdoor Gear 4+ Recreational Equipment, Inc 4.2 • 18 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description The REI shopping app is your on-the-go companion to shop the outdoor gear and apparel you love. Use our app to browse, check in-store availability, and buy top-brand products for your outdoor pursuits. Find classes and events to grow your skills. Get daily deals in the REI Outlet and even build your gear and apparel wish list. Save your checkout details for quick, secure ordering. Plus, select the delivery method - including free same-day pickup on most items. Features: Easy shopping: Search, filter and buy the gear you love right from your phone. Shipping is always free to an REI store. Access to membership card: Check your dividend, look up your member number and save it for easy retrieval - even add it to your Apple Wallet. Check store availability: Find the products you want at a nearby REI store. You can order online and pickup in store for free! Scan products in-store: Scan product barcodes to view product information and customer reviews (and keep building that dream wish list). Sales notifications: Be the first to know about REI sales (because we all love a good gear deal). Find classes and events: Register for classes, events and outings near you. (Bonus: many activities are free!) Quick checkout: Save checkout details, including REI gift cards for payment, for easy, peasy purchases. Keep your device updated with the latest iOS version to ensure the best REI shopping experience. When you download or use an REI app, we collect information about you as described in our privacy policy: https://help.rei.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/50#Your_California_Privacy_Rights. What’s New Jun 14, 2022 Version 10.3 Hello REI Co-op Members! This release includes bug fixes and enhancements. Ratings and Reviews 4.2 out of 5 18 Ratings 18 Ratings Lovey2004 , 2019-12-08 Annoyingly slow but I love REI I love all the different filters. They have so many features to choose from. My only complaint is that whenever you edit your cart it takes at least five seconds to load. Even just removing an item, it has to buffer. Great north cyclist , 2016-01-26 Great app! Lets you browse or focus on just the items you want Great companion for shopping on- line. Excellent place to research products. Freightlinerbob , 2020-04-04 Could use some improvement Doesn’t format correctly with lines overlapping. Can’t see the complete reviews because it won’t scroll down. It’s been this way for years. App Privacy The developer, Recreational Equipment, Inc, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Purchases Financial Info Contact Info Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Location User Content Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Recreational Equipment, Inc Size 117.4 MB Category Shopping Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 12.1 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 12.1 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 12.1 or later. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2022 Recreational Equipment Inc. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Wallet Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. You Might Also Like SteepandCheap.com – Daily Discounted Outdoor Gear Deals Shopping B&H Photo, Video & Pro Audio Shopping Backcountry - Outdoor Gear Shopping DICK’S Sporting Goods, Fitness Shopping Fred Meyer Shopping Consumer Reports Shopping More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
