https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/b-h-photo-video-pro-audio/id390928219
‎B&H Photo, Video & Pro Audio on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview B&H Photo, Video & Pro Audio 4+ B&H Photo Video Pro Audio Designed for iPad 4.8 • 4.8K Ratings Free Screenshots iPad iPhone Description B&H: Explore Where Technology Lives! Shop the world’s comprehensive source for photo, video, audio, and computer gear. • Shop our inventory of hundreds of thousands of products. • Browse product reviews, descriptions, specs, and high-res images. • Discover new accessories from our vast catalog. • Know your gear with downloadable user manuals for easy reference offline. • Explore together, with wish lists, sharing, and order history. • Buy with your preferred payment methods featuring Apple Pay, as well as credit cards and PayPal. We’re proud to offer this app as an extension of our Superstore. B&H Mobile offers the same inventory, speedy shipping, competitive pricing, and excellent customer service you’d receive if you walked through our doors. What’s New Jul 20, 2022 Version 8.9.0 We work towards updating the B&H app as often as possible to make it better, faster & more reliable for you. Here are couple of the enhancements you’ll find in the latest update: - We've created a brand new checkout experience & will be slowly rolling it out over the coming weeks to our users - Made some behind the scene changes to make browsing our products even faster - Squashed some minor bugs - Fixed a few crashes causing inconveniences to our users Loving the app? Then surely RATE US as we love hearing from you! Got ideas for a feature you’d like to see in the app? Let us know by using the feedback section in the app Ratings and Reviews 4.8 out of 5 4.8K Ratings 4.8K Ratings xella745 , 2017-11-19 Jay Very efficient and user friendly. beans and tatters , 2021-12-02 Service The best Soum91 , 2022-06-16 Leeches Even worse than FB. If you don’t allow the app to sell your data, it won’t let you use the app. B&H, sell actual product not user’s privacy data! App Privacy The developer, B&H Photo Video Pro Audio, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Used to Track You The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: Purchases Search History Identifiers Usage Data Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Purchases Financial Info Location Contact Info User Content Search History Identifiers Usage Data Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: User Content Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller B&H Photo Video Size 167.9 MB Category Shopping Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 12.1 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 12.1 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 12.1 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright ©2022 B & H Foto & Electronics Corp. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy You Might Also Like HotStock - in-stock alerts Shopping Sweetwater.com Shopping Newegg - Tech Shopping Online Shopping Edmunds - Shop Cars For Sale Shopping REI Co-op – Shop Outdoor Gear Shopping Backcountry - Outdoor Gear Shopping More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
