https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/ikea/id1452164827
‎IKEA on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview IKEA 4+ Inspired shopping Inter IKEA Systems B.V. Designed for iPad #22 in Shopping 4.6 • 23.4K Ratings Free Screenshots iPad iPhone Description SHOP This is a simpler way to shop IKEA. Get your order delivered, or see what's in stock at your local store. Not ready to buy? Save your favorites for later. And if you're not totally satisfied, you can return your order within 365 days for a full refund, no questions asked. GET INSPIRED Explore a feed of personalized inspiration, from bedrooms and kitchens to deck and patio furniture. Then shop the spaces you love. TAKE CONTROL Your data belongs to you, and you control how we use it to make your IKEA experience smarter. We’ll always show you what information we need and why. LOVE Join IKEA Family for free to get members-only discounts and a complimentary cup of tea or coffee every time you visit. Already a member? Log in to access your digital IKEA Family card wherever you go. It's your favorite things about IKEA, all in one place. What’s New Jul 26, 2022 Version 3.22.0 Bug fixes and performance improvements. Ratings and Reviews 4.6 out of 5 23.4K Ratings 23.4K Ratings Karenandmikey , 2020-06-22 Great concept frequent errors Started using the app and loved it. However, suddenly started having issues with logging in, items being deleted from my lists for no reason and incorrect information about whether each item was in stock or not. When trying to do click and collect, it does not show me which items are the issue re availability and a few times my cart cleared out on its own and I had to start from scratch. Spent hours trying to reach phone operator to verify info with varying results, including conflicting info on item availability and terrible attitude as well. Frustrating! hendie_98 , 2020-05-24 Everything about it I went on a item to pick 4 pcs, it didn’t even show quantity...I had to “check out” first & then it never show the correct quantity. I don’t want the items delivered, but that’s the only choice I’m given!! I want to pay & collect!! I’m doing this for friend & I sure won’t be using the app again for myself, or the store. Insatisfaitedevotreapp9876 , 2020-03-19 Changement inutile Pourquoi changer l’app au lieu de faire une mise à jour? J’ai perdu ma carte famille et ma liste d’achats de l’ancienne app. Pourquoi faire simple quand on peut faire compliqué? Ça donne envie d’aller magasiner ailleurs. App Privacy The developer, Inter IKEA Systems B.V., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Purchases Financial Info Contact Info Identifiers Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Location User Content Search History Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Inter IKEA Systems B.V. Size 126 MB Category Shopping Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Mac Requires macOS 11.0 or later and a Mac with Apple M1 chip or later. Languages English, Basque, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, Galician, German, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Serbian, Slovak, Slovenian, Spanish, Swedish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Inter IKEA Systems B.V. 2019 Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy More By This Developer IKEA Home smart Lifestyle IKEA Saudi Arabia Shopping IKEA Place Lifestyle Safer Home Lifestyle IKEA CN Shopping You Might Also Like Simons - A Fashion Destination Shopping UNIQLO CA Shopping Bed Bath & Beyond| buybuy BABY Shopping Bob’s Discount Furniture Shopping The Bay Shopping Best Buy Canada Shopping More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
