https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/disney-mirrorverse/id1453908358
‎Disney Mirrorverse on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Disney Mirrorverse 12+ Disney Pixar Action RPG Kabam Games, Inc. #44 in Role-Playing 4.7 • 3.1K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Unite teams of empowered Disney and Pixar Guardians to defend the Mirrorverse! This is Disney Mirrorverse, a visually stunning new action RPG game for mobile, set in an all-new divergent Disney universe where players assemble teams of amplified, action-ready, 3D Disney and Pixar characters to battle against a dark force. Long ago, two stars collided to create an altered universe full of light and dark forces. In the Mirrorverse, Stellar Magic has evolved familiar worlds, now threatened by hordes of unrelenting Fractured enemies. Players unite teams of powerful Guardians to battle together through an ever-evolving narrative of epic quests to defeat the Fractured forces seeking to shatter the Mirrorverse. Choose from the vengeful draconic mage Maleficient, an armored-up Sulley, the ultimate personal-battle companion Baymax, and many more Mirrorverse Guardians. Each Guardian possesses powerful, special attacks that are unique and authentic to existing Disney and Pixar characters. They are designed to complement each other through different team roles to maximize battle potential and chemistry, enabling players to advance through multiple levels and progress to the highest rank. Discover an ever-evolving story as you play through Story Quest mode with loot-filled chapters, limited-time Event Quests, and Dangerous Dungeons to explore. Experience the thrill and excitement of real-time action combat as you control the Mirrorverse Guardians’ individual actions, combat arsenal, team strategy, and special attacks. Build alliances with friends and compete to gain powerful rewards. Customize and strengthen your Guardian’s abilities through a deep character progression system, finding the best team combinations and strategies for the ultimate win. ENTER A DIVERGENT DISNEY UNIVERSE & STORYLINE: Experience a new storyline that authentically reflects iconic Disney and Pixar characters in ways you have never seen before. Enter a divergent universe featuring Disney and Pixar characters that have been amplified and empowered to defend against a dark, unrelenting threat – the Fractured. UNITE TEAMS OF VISUALLY STUNNING DISNEY AND PIXAR CHARACTERS: In this Action RPG, enter richly detailed new worlds filled with 3D-rendered Disney and Pixar characters that have been powerfully evolved to match this high-stakes universe. Uncover the intriguing backstories of these Mirrorverse Guardians and unlock surprising and authentic special abilities that equip them for epic battle and adventure. MASTER THRILLING REAL-TIME ACTION COMBAT: Experience the thrill and excitement of team-based action combat. Assemble teams of three and take control of every second of gameplay including the Mirrorverse Guardians’ individual actions, team strategy, and special attacks. UNCOVER EPIC QUESTS: Unlock unique narratives and battle the Fractured enemies to obtain rewards and restore the worlds and characters of the Mirrorverse that have been corrupted by dark magic. - STORY QUESTS: Experience an immersive new Disney storyline of tasks and quests to complete, all based on the history of the Disney Mirrorverse and the Ages of Isolation, Discovery, and the Fractured. - EVENT QUESTS: Complete limited-time quests that tie into real-world Disney and Pixar content and events, and offer players unique characters, awards and progression items during a specific timeframe. DANGEROUS DUNGEONS: Delve into the Mirrorverse’s darkest dungeons and complete for top place on our global leaderboard. Explore dungeons, rack up points, and collect valuable artifacts in this high stakes venture. MONTHLY CONTENT RELEASES: Experience new Mirrorverse story chapters and event quests through ever-evolving and expanding storylines, with regular releases of new Disney and Pixar characters. TERMS OF SERVICE: Please read this Terms of Service Agreement and our Privacy Notice before using our services as they govern the relationship between you and Kabam. www.kabam.com/terms-of-service/ www.kabam.com/privacy-notice/ What’s New Jul 20, 2022 Version 1.1.1 NEW CONTENT - New Guardians are entering the Mirrorverse - Chapter 8 has been added to Story mode OTHER IMPROVEMENTS - Supply Runs navigation quality of life improvements - Dangerous Dungeons quality of life improvements - Minor fixes and other improvements Ratings and Reviews 4.7 out of 5 3.1K Ratings 3.1K Ratings beetnick19372 , 2021-02-09 Very fun Very fun Jinxyythegreat , 2021-07-02 disneys versus beautiful graphics, voice memos are good, Hypnautica , 2021-02-11 Another wait for stamina Game Great graphics, good gameplay but it’s a stamina generating game which means you have to wait hours upon hours for your stamina refill unless you pay real cash. I’m not using real cash(yet) so I’m finding it boring and playing other games in the meantime and liking those as I have more time (non stamina games) to learn and get to know game. Stamina refill games are the worst! App Privacy The developer, Kabam Games, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Used to Track You The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: Identifiers Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Contact Info User Content Identifiers Diagnostics Other Data Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Usage Data Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Kabam Games, Inc. Size 1.3 GB Category Games Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 13.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 13.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 13.0 or later. Languages English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Traditional Chinese, Turkish Age Rating 12+ Frequent/Intense Cartoon or Fantasy Violence Infrequent/Mild Realistic Violence Copyright ©DISNEY. ©DISNEY/PIXAR. DISNEY MIRRORVERSE SOFTWARE ©2022 KABAM GAMES, INC., A NETMARBLE COMPANY. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Price Free In-App Purchases 3 Star Guardian Choice Offer $3.99 Chroma-Cube Card $5.49 Quick Choice Bundle $1.39 Chest of Orbs $13.99 Basket of Orbs $6.99 Handful of Orbs! $2.79 Beginner's Crystal Card $3.99 4 Star Guardian Choice Offer $9.99 Golden Spoils Card $6.99 Zurg Galactic Stash $10.99 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Game Center Challenge friends and check leaderboards and achievements. More By This Developer TRANSFORMERS: Forged to Fight Games Shop Titans: Idle Tycoon RPG Games Marvel Contest of Champions Games You Might Also Like Albion Online Games Knighthood Games Knight's Edge Games LAST CLOUDIA Games Diablo Immortal Games FFVII THE FIRST SOLDIER Games More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
