https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/shazam-music-discovery/id284993459
‎Shazam: Music Discovery on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Shazam: Music Discovery 12+ Find songs, lyrics, & video Apple #3 in Music 4.9 • 836.5K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch iMessage Description Shazam will identify any song in seconds. Discover artists, lyrics, videos & playlists, all for free. Over 1 billion installs and counting! “Shazam is an app that feels like magic” - Techradar.com “Shazam is a gift... a game changer” - Pharrell Williams, GQ WHY YOU’LL LOVE IT Find the name of any song in seconds. Listen and add to Apple Music. Follow along with time-synced lyrics. Watch music videos from Apple Music or YouTube. Shazam in Dark Mode. SHAZAM ANYWHERE, AT ANY TIME Get it on Apple Watch, iMessage, Mac, or iPad. No connection? No problem! Shazam while offline. Turn on Auto Shazam to keep finding songs even when you leave the app. Add Shazam's widget to your Home Screen and you’ll see your recent song history at a glance, or be able to Shazam in an instant! WHAT ELSE? Find out what is popular in your country or city with Shazam charts. Get recommended songs and playlists to discover new music. Open any song directly in Apple Music or Spotify. Share songs with friends through Snapchat, Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, Twitter and more. THOUSANDS OF 5-STAR REVIEWS “OMG... this app will blow your mind...you press the Shazam button and boom, you got the name of the song.” “So helpful in finding good and new music you truly love.” “I literally find my song in 1 second…" “I love Shazam...It is helping me build a great playlist of songs I dont recognize right off hand.” “This app is literally part of my daily routine…” “This is the bestest app ever PEOPLE! If you want to know the name of a song or artist, this is the app you want.” “Love the smooth integration to my Apple Music...” “Love the lyrics section!!! The lyrics match the words of the song…“ Shazam is THE fastest way to discover music! --- Availability and features may vary by country. For more information on Shazam’s privacy practices, please read the Privacy Policy, available at https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/. What’s New Jul 27, 2022 Version 15.16 Thanks for Shazaming! We’re always working hard to make the app faster and better than ever. Update to the most recent version to enjoy the latest and greatest Shazam. Don’t forget to keep your Shazams safe and in sync between your devices. Simply turn on iCloud sync in Shazam Settings. Love the app? Rate us! Your feedback is music to our ears, and it helps us make Shazam even better. Got a question? Visit support.shazam.com. Ratings and Reviews 4.9 out of 5 836.5K Ratings 836.5K Ratings Haiwbsjussh , 2017-09-09 Review Very good cK1up , 2019-07-15 Fabulously Amazing! Throughout all of my Shazam’s. They are all correct and this app is perfect for finding the name of that perfect song. Great app! 2Lt Weir , 2020-04-09 Best App Ever! Have you ever been someplace and heard a tune that is special to you but no way of asking anyone what it is? Boom this does it! Music is something that can perk up your soul when you need it. Especially during these difficult times. App Privacy The developer, Apple, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Purchases Location Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Other Data Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Apple Canada, Inc. Size 37.5 MB Category Music Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Languages English, Czech, Dutch, French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Spanish, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian Age Rating 12+ Infrequent/Mild Mature/Suggestive Themes Infrequent/Mild Alcohol, Tobacco, or Drug Use or References Infrequent/Mild Profanity or Crude Humour Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy More By This Developer Apple Support Utilities Clips Photo & Video iTunes Remote Entertainment Keynote Productivity Numbers Productivity Pages Productivity You Might Also Like Last.fm Music Spotify for Artists Music Melodista Music Offline Player Music Boomplay: Music Player Music Music Finder - Recognize Songs Music Discz: Discover & Share Music Music More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
