https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/marble-it-up-mayhem/id1473839579
‎Marble It Up: Mayhem! on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Apple Arcade Try It Free* Play over 200 games. No ads. No in‑app purchases. Try It Free* Apple Arcade Marble It Up: Mayhem‪!‬ 4+ Get Ready to Roll‪!‬ The Marble Collective Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple TV Description Marble It Up: Mayhem! is the newest chapter in marble platforming - fresh from the minds behind Marble It Up! and Marble Blast. World-class level design, buttery-smooth controls, and absolutely gorgeous cosmetic options - welcome to the best marble experience yet! Roll through an expanded single-player campaign and unlockable bonus chapters filled with dangerous obstacles, mind-bending paths, shifting gravity, bouncy floors, and potent power-ups. Earn shards by playing to unlock a magnificent collection of marbles, trails, and hats! Find hidden trophies, complete chapters, earn medals, and play online - all while earning your next unlock. Embrace the competitive and chaotic multiplayer modes. Team up to hunt gems, score goals, survive against zombies, control the hill, and prove your marble mettle online. Blast your way to glory! Push yourself to the next level. Hunting achievements and climbing the Global Leaderboards are sure-fire ways to become a marble master! Weekly Challenges add new modifiers to levels for a fresh new way to compete each week! Let’s roll! Extended Game Pad supported What’s New Oct 14, 2021 Version 1.4 The Dedicated Update: - Kickoff with the new Soccer mode in 7 different arenas! - Dedicated multiplayer servers make the game smoother than ever! - 58 Brand new cosmetic items to unlock in our rebalanced economy. - We’ve added 2 new standard multiplayer maps, and revamped 2 existing maps! - Various Bug Fixes App Privacy The developer, The Marble Collective, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Identifiers Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Marble It Up, LLC Size 1.1 GB Category Games Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 13.5 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 13.5 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 13.5 or later. Apple TV Requires tvOS 13.5 or later. Game Controller Optional Languages English, Arabic, Dutch, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Traditional Chinese, Turkish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2021 Marble It Up LLC Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Game Controllers Play this game with your favourite compatible controller. Game Center Challenge friends and check leaderboards and achievements. You Might Also Like Apple Arcade Monomals Games Apple Arcade Fallen Knight Games Apple Arcade Exit the Gungeon Games Apple Arcade Hogwash Games Apple Arcade Frogger in Toy Town Games Apple Arcade Crossy Road Castle Games Play over 200 games. No ads. No in‑app purchases. Try It Free* *New subscribers only. Sign-up required. Subscription automatically renews for a monthly fee after trial. More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
