https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/rue-la-la-shop-top-fashion/id373179553
‎Rue La La - Shop Top Fashion on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Rue La La - Shop Top Fashion 4+ Clothing, Home, Travel & More Rue La La 4.8 • 507 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description OVERVIEW Shopping your faves just got faster and easier. Not a Rue La La Member? No problem. It’s free and you can join quickly right from our award-winning app. With exclusive sales, delivery alerts, order tracking, and Boutique reminders, you’ll never miss a stylish beat. TOP FEATURES + Exclusive sales: Get special access to app-only sales. (Make sure you have push notifications enabled to stay up to date. For information on how to turn push on, visit https://now.ruelala.com/turn-push-notifications/.) + Shipping perks: Get 30 days of unlimited shipping after you make your first purchase. + Delivery alerts: Track all of your orders and get real-time notifications when they arrive. + Easy checkout: Check out in just one tap. Also, add new credit cards with our easy-to-use credit card scanning functionality. + Boutique reminders: Add upcoming sales to your device calendar so you don’t miss out. (App-only feature.) + Shop by category: Filter sales to shop by brand, color, and size. Sort them to shop by best sellers or price. + Syncing across devices: Add a product to your bag on one device and your cart stays with you on all of your other devices. (Perfect for shopping in bed on your iPad or on your iPhone while on your way to a meeting.) + Social sharing: Show your friends those sought-after heels you just bought via Pinterest, Facebook, Twitter, email, or SMS. They’ll thank you for it. BEST-SELLING BRANDS PANDORA Jewelry Louis Vuitton Burberry Tory Burch Brooks Brothers Ray-Ban Cole Haan Stuart Weitzman Valentino CATEGORIES + Women: Trending shoes, boots, dresses, skirts, swimwear, maternity, and more for your closet. Score beautiful colors and shop trending luxe marketplace brands like Louis Vuitton, Burberry, Tory Burch, and Valentino. + Men: Trending shoes, dress shirts, dress pants, sport coats, colorful swimwear, and more for your closet. Trending luxe marketplace brands include Brooks Brothers, Cole Haan, and many more. + Kids: Shoes, shirts, pants, dresses, skirts, swimwear, and more for their closet. + Accessories: Trending jewelry, watches, luggage, socks, gadgets, and more must-haves. Trending luxe marketplace brands include PANDORA Jewelry, Ray-Ban, and many more. + Home: Furniture, luxe bedding, bath musts, sheets and towels, kitchenware, cooking essentials, and more trending décor. + Travel: Trending, super luxe vacation destinations and packages for a steal. HAVE QUESTIONS? Email mobilehelp@cs.ruelala.com or contact a Rue La La Concierge at ruelala.com/help and we’ll be happy to help make your experience better. AWARDS Rue La La’s iPhone app was featured by Apple as one of the Best New Apps. The iPhone app and iPad app were selected from nearly 13,000 entries as Official Honorees in the 19th Annual Webby Awards in two categories: Most Innovative Mobile Shopping App and Most Innovative Tablet Shopping App. What’s New Jul 26, 2022 Version 14.2.0 A few performance improvements and bugs fixes to make shopping the brands you love faster and more fabulous! Ratings and Reviews 4.8 out of 5 507 Ratings 507 Ratings rach157 , 2020-06-03 Exciting times! I love looking through all the boutiques and seeing what’s in style these days and buying what I like/ love. I in the cart I wish we could cash out one or 2 things in the cart instead for everything! Sometimes I want to leave things in the cart to delete or buy the next day. I’m in Canada and the shipping costs are high. It’s to bad to lose out on items because on top of my item prices I have to pay $50 or more depending on what you buy. And duties and taxes! Wish I could buy standard shipping fee so I can shop lots more. Thunderann , 2021-03-10 Photo Descriptions Lately, the photo of the item is missing on many articles. Has anyone else having this problem. Hard to purchase product when you have no visual. App Privacy The developer, Rue La La, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Used to Track You The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: Purchases Location Contact Info Browsing History Identifiers Usage Data Other Data Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Purchases Location Contact Info User Content Search History Browsing History Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Other Data Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller RueLaLa Size 34.5 MB Category Shopping Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.1 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.1 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.1 or later. Languages English Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2020 Rue La La, Inc. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy You Might Also Like The Luxury Closet - Buy & Sell Shopping Fashionphile Shopping Saks OFF 5TH Shopping ShopStyle: Fashion & Lifestyle Shopping NET-A-PORTER: Designer Fashion Shopping Gilt - Shop Designer Sales Shopping More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
