https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/best-buy-canada/id386960831
‎Best Buy Canada on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Best Buy Canada 4+ Shop Online For Deals & Save Best Buy Canada Ltd. #46 in Shopping 3.0 • 601 Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Description From computers and cameras to toys and video games, the Best Buy iOS app is packed with nearly a million products. Shop online and have things shipped to your door, or reserve products to pickup in-store. With the store locator, and Favourites list at your fingertips, the Best Buy app makes online shopping a breeze. Shop and browse online, anytime, anywhere • Choose from nearly a million products ranging from laptops and TVs to furniture and baby gear • See what’s available online and in-store and do your online shopping in the Best Buy app Reserve online, pickup and pay in-store • Reserve products in the app for in-store pickup at one of our 179 locations • Pickup and pay for products within 24 hours of your reservation Protect your products with Geek Squad • Add Geek Squad Protection to your products for peace of mind Easily manage your account details • Save your favourite products in one convenient place • Checkout faster and view your order history • Quick access to order tracking and your receipts • Contact us about your order and start the return process • Find out about the hottest deals with our notifications feature Compare deals between Marketplace sellers • Find the best online deals from Marketplace sellers Scan products in-store for more info • Get instant product info by scanning QR codes in-store • Read product descriptions, see images, and read reviews Find Best Buy stores near you • Use the Best Buy store locator to find nearby stores • See Best Buy store hours and get directions What’s New Jun 22, 2022 Version 13.5.0 We’re always improving the Best Buy Canada app to ensure you can get the hottest deals and latest tech with ease. Here are the highlights for this update: • Improved overall app speed and performance so you can shop more smoothly than ever. • General visual improvements to enhance your shopping experience. Ratings and Reviews 3.0 out of 5 601 Ratings 601 Ratings MistaDemon , 2019-12-21 Please get rid of Best Buy marketplace I’m seriously not interested in my search results being clogged up with Best Buy marketplace results and having to toggle the switch to turn of EVERY TIME. Funny thing about that switch is it doesn’t seem to like being turned off. Need to hit the same space often multiple times to get it to toggle. Also having continuity across devices would be nice. What’s the point in getting me to log in (every time! Can’t you keep me logged in like a proper app?) if I have to manually enter my watches items separately anyhow? The basic bare bones of the app works fairly well but the features could use some attention please adamom2003 , 2021-08-21 Fix Check other location glitch Everytime I click "check other location" it says "unable to find another location try again". Please fix this ASAP. maxyvon , 2018-11-27 Missing features Pay with Apple Pay is not available Add gift card to Apple Wallet Check gift card balance Always need to reconnect to your Best Buy account inside the app (eg order status) Cannot go back in the cart section App Privacy The developer, Best Buy Canada Ltd., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Best Buy Canada Ltd. Size 70.2 MB Category Shopping Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 11.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 11.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Languages English, French Age Rating 4+ Copyright © Copyright 2022 Best Buy Canada Ltd. All rights reserved. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy You Might Also Like Foot Locker: The latest kicks Shopping Walmart – Shopping Made Easy Shopping UNIQLO CA Shopping Bed Bath & Beyond| buybuy BABY Shopping The Bay Shopping Urban Planet Shopping More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
