https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/knights-edge/id1464249802
‎Knight's Edge on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Knight's Edge 12+ Quick 3v3 Brawls for Glory‪!‬ Lightfox Games, Inc. 4.7 • 1.6K Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description Do you have what it takes to be the Champion? Choose your weapon and take to the field in KNIGHT'S EDGE! Slay the monsters with your team, racing to see who will come out on top. Do you have what it takes? GAME ON Compete against the other team in quick 3v3 multiplayer matches, racing to see who can defeat the monsters first! Take the battle to the other team to slow them down! To the quickest goes the spoils! Get loot for your team with every win. ANYONE CAN TAKE THE FIELD Pick up and play! Drag to move, release to attack, and use your Special Ability to do even more damage! DIFFERENT LOADOUT EVERY MATCH Level up and pick different Perks each match, creating endless options to slay the monsters and opposing players! GEAR UP Collect and upgrade weapons of different types and elements to unlock new Perks to choose from. BE THE BEST Climb the leaderboards and be the Champion of the KNIGHT'S EDGE! NOTE! Knight's Edge is free to download and play, but some things in-game can also be purchased for real money. If you’d like, you can disable in-app purchases in your device’s settings. A persistent internet connection is required to play. What’s New Jul 26, 2022 Version 2.0.0 GUILDS ARE HERE! Create Guilds, recruit members, manage your roster, and chat with other Knights! New Weapon: Sacred Axe! Use your ability to bring up a shield to protect allies from projectile attacks while chopping up your enemies. …and more bug fixes and improvements! Ratings and Reviews 4.7 out of 5 1.6K Ratings 1.6K Ratings vincezzh , 2021-07-05 Game is great but too hard for kids. They played so much before last upgrade but they have given up because they can’t even win one time now. NPC are always over level 35. 13eh , 2021-04-13 please remove the bots i would play this but i hate playing with bots and the game telling me these are real people .... don’t lie to consumers mijomiller , 2022-07-24 Knights realm Very fun game loving it so far :) Events NOW AVAILABLE MAJOR UPDATE Guilds are here! Our new update features Guilds! Join or create your own Guild today to team up with fellow knights! NOW AVAILABLE NEW SEASON Season of the Beach! Crush your opponents to earn prizes, like a Fedora and Swimsuit, when you play with the Premium Battle Pass. App Privacy The developer, Lightfox Games, Inc., indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Used to Track You The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: Identifiers Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Purchases Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Lightfox Games, Inc. Size 749 MB Category Games Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 10.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 10.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 10.0 or later. Languages English, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Portuguese, Russian, Spanish Age Rating 12+ Infrequent/Mild Profanity or Crude Humour Frequent/Intense Cartoon or Fantasy Violence Copyright © 2022 Lightfox Games, Inc. Price Free In-App Purchases Even More Gems $13.99 Some More Gems $6.99 Starter Bundle $6.99 Arena Unlock Pack $2.79 Some Gems $1.39 Arena 2 Unlock Pack $3.99 Arena 1 Unlock Pack $2.79 Arena 3 Unlock Pack $6.99 Arena 4 Unlock Pack $13.99 Lots of Gems $27.99 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy You Might Also Like Albion Online Games OVERDOX Games Knighthood Games Demon Blade Games SMASH LEGENDS Games Every Hero - Ultimate Action Games More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
