https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/keynote/id361285480
‎Keynote on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Keynote 4+ Build stunning presentations Apple 3.4 • 1.5K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch Description Keynote is the most powerful presentation app ever designed for a mobile device. Start with an Apple-designed theme and add text, images, charts, tables, and shapes with just a few taps. Draw and write with Apple Pencil on iPad, or use your finger. Bring it all to life with cinematic animations and transitions that look as though they were created by your own special effects team. Add live video to your slideshow and appear right on your slides. Confidently present to your audience from anywhere, in person or virtually, and take turns controlling a presentation in multi-presenter slideshows. Collaborate with others at the same time • With real-time collaboration, your whole team can work together on a presentation at the same time on Mac, iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch—even on a PC • Share your presentation publicly or with specific people, see who’s currently in the presentation with you, and view other people’s cursors to follow their edits • Available on presentations stored in iCloud or in Box Create stunning presentations • Choose from over 40 Apple-designed themes to give your presentations a beautiful start or create a quick draft by starting with a text outline • Use the slide navigator to quickly skim through your presentation, add new slides, and reorder slides • Use the built-in camera to add live video right on your slides • Engage your audience with interactive charts and chart animations • Quickly add photos and videos from the Photos app or any of over 700 editable shapes • Add an interactive image gallery to view a collection of photos • Use Instant Alpha to easily remove image backgrounds • Import and edit Microsoft PowerPoint presentations Cinema-quality animations • Beautiful cinematic slide transitions and impressive text and object animations • Magic Move effect to effortlessly animate and morph graphics • Emphasis builds let you add impact with one click • See live on-canvas previews as you animate your slides Present to your audience • Rehearse a presentation with current slide, presenter notes, and timer all in one view • Present on an external display or projector, or stream wirelessly using AirPlay and Apple TV • Use multi-presenter slideshows to let participants take turns controlling a shared presentation from their own device • Highlight with Apple Pencil or with your finger while presenting on iPad • Control your slideshow from iPhone, iPad, Apple Watch, or iPod touch • Create self-running, interactive shows for kiosks and displays iCloud • Turn on iCloud so you can access and edit your presentations from your Mac, iPad, iPhone, iPod touch, and from a Mac or PC browser at iCloud.com • Keynote automatically saves your presentations as you make changes Share a copy of your work • Export presentations to Microsoft PowerPoint, PDF, HTML, movies, and image files • Use AirDrop to send your presentation to anyone nearby Some features may require Internet access; additional fees and terms may apply. What’s New Jun 21, 2022 Version 12.1 - Add subtle movement and visual interest to your presentation with dynamic backgrounds that move continuously as you transition from slide to slide - Select from new animated themes featuring dynamic backgrounds - Skip or unskip all slides in a collapsed group Ratings and Reviews 3.4 out of 5 1.5K Ratings 1.5K Ratings Fenrir of Helheimr , 2021-07-13 Love the program, but I have been using Keynote for years, and I recently traded my MacBook Air (2017) for a 4th gen iPad Air and now I can’t seem to pair my iPhone 12 Pro to the iPad to use as a remote. I’ve been using Keynotes as a training tool for going on three years now, and the inability to have a remote is hindering me greatly. Even Apple Support couldn’t figure out why this is t working. seseseseseeseee , 2019-10-28 Oof It’s hard to use but I hAve no ChOiCe yvachcool , 2017-10-23 Keynote The app is very good but I can’t update and I try to reinstall it but doesn’t work App Privacy The developer, Apple, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Contact Info User Content Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Apple Canada, Inc. Size 519.5 MB Category Productivity Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Languages English, Arabic, Catalan, Croatian, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Greek, Hebrew, Hindi, Hungarian, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Malay, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Romanian, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Slovak, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish, Ukrainian, Vietnamese Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2010 - 2022 Apple Inc. Price Free Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy More By This Developer Apple Support Utilities Clips Photo & Video iTunes Remote Entertainment Shazam: Music Discovery Music Numbers Productivity Pages Productivity You Might Also Like Explain Everything Whiteboard Productivity Nebo: Notes & PDF Annotations Productivity MindNode - Mind Map & Outline Productivity Xmind - Mind Map & Brainstorm Productivity GoodNotes 5 Productivity CollaNote: Note, Journal & PDF Productivity More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
