https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/blades-of-brim/id891278325
‎Blades of Brim on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Blades of Brim 9+ From the Subway Surfers team Sybo Games ApS 4.7 • 633 Ratings Free Offers In-App Purchases Screenshots iPhone iPad Description This free game gives you endless fun that never ends, filled with cool missions and unlimited weapon and armor upgrades available. Join running forces with the awesome heroes of Brim to save the world from the invading army of Goons! Dodge into an epic, enchanting and endless universe where magic and mayhem awaits your unique wall running character, as you complete quests on your run to become the greatest hero Brim has ever seen! Take a stab at collecting treasure and gold coins whilst you dash & dodge, jump & roll, and hack & slash your way through the mega army of goons in order to upgrade your epic characters, weapons and magical blades. Attempt to leap over the endless depth of treacherous and dangerous cliffs as you hack and slash goons and their ugly bosses with your magical sword. ● Leap over deadly cliffs & run on walls to escape the nasty goons ● Dodge enemies and obstacles on your path. ● Collect essence & gold coins to upgrade your character and blade ● Slay the hideous villains ● Befriend pets such as Elemental wolves, horses and magical dragons ● Level up your armor and boost your weapons ● Perform fast paced hit-combos and wall-running stunts on your running path to become the greatest hero of all time! ● From the creators that gave you the #1 game of all time, Subway Surfers! What’s New Jul 27, 2022 Version 2.19.16 Welcome to the latest update for Blades of Brim! We have worked hard on improving a lot of little details in the game, and we are constantly working on new features and content, as well as fixing the issues that we know some of you are encountering. Thank you for updating! Now let's beat some Goons together! Ratings and Reviews 4.7 out of 5 633 Ratings 633 Ratings Editors’ Choice It couldn’t have been easy to follow up the immensely popular Subway Surfers with a fresh twist on the endless runner. But Sybo Games nailed it with Blades of Brim, which sends your hero in shining armor dashing through a colourful, charming fantasy world. As you clobber foes without breaking stride, wall-run through epic combos and roast baddies from the back of a dragon, you won’t be able to keep the delighted grin off your face. Taljah , 2021-06-15 Great rpg Fun game has all what u want rpg endless runner and FUN loq,sjidhrjgfjdgrnf , 2022-06-14 Love it I absolutely love this game I can’t stop laying it App Privacy The developer, Sybo Games ApS, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Used to Track You The following data may be used to track you across apps and websites owned by other companies: Location Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Location Identifiers Usage Data Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Sybo Games ApS Size 302.4 MB Category Games Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 11.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 11.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 11.0 or later. Languages English, Dutch, French, German, Indonesian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish Age Rating 9+ Infrequent/Mild Cartoon or Fantasy Violence Copyright © 2014 SYBO Price Free In-App Purchases STARTER PACK $3.99 100 Essence $2.79 Stack of Essence $2.79 STARTER PACK $3.99 265 Essence $6.99 Pouch of Essence $6.99 Box of Essence $13.99 12000 Coins $2.79 560 Essence $13.99 1190 Essence $27.99 Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Developer Website App Support Privacy Policy Supports Game Center Challenge friends and check leaderboards and achievements. More By This Developer Subway Surfers Sticker Pack Stickers Subway Minifig Stickers Stickers Apple Arcade Subway Surfers Tag Games Subway Surfers Games You Might Also Like Faily Rider Games Sky Dancer: Free Falling Games Pico Tanks Games Subway Princess Runner Games Mr Jump World Games Knight's Edge Games More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
