https://apps.apple.com/ca/app/apple-store/id375380948
‎Apple Store on the App Store Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag + Search apple.com/ca Cancel Apple Store Mac iPad iPhone Watch AirPods TV & Home Only on Apple Accessories Support Shopping Bag + Cancel App Store Preview Apple Store 4+ Shopping designed around you Apple #74 in Shopping 3.5 • 6.1K Ratings Free Screenshots iPhone iPad Apple Watch iMessage Description The Apple Store app provides a more personal way to shop for the latest Apple products and accessories. Get recommendations based on the Apple products you already own. Find out which accessories are compatible with your devices. Easily upgrade to a new iPhone from your current one. Keep track of your orders wherever you go. And sign up for hands-on sessions in store. You can even use Apple Pay to check out from your iPhone when you visit a participating Apple Store. Note that the Apple Store app and certain features are available only in selected countries. How your data is used To confirm compatibility and recommend products, the app will only access the name, model and part number of devices linked to your Apple ID. To turn off this feature, go to My Devices in Account Settings. What’s New May 25, 2022 Version 5.16 - Various improvements and performance enhancements. Ratings and Reviews 3.5 out of 5 6.1K Ratings 6.1K Ratings Big Fish spinner , 2017-09-16 Apple Store Best app love all the new stuff and shipping is very reliable the man of aces , 2018-11-16 Nice This app is the best, Apple definitely makes the best stuff! T.oasto , 2019-05-17 Great! The apple store has a beautiful look and I love all of the colors, photos and movements. Apple makes amazing stuff. One thing I wish there was is that you can choose all existing models on the compare model site App Privacy The developer, Apple, indicated that the app’s privacy practices may include handling of data as described below. For more information, see the developer's privacy policy. Data Linked to You The following data may be collected and linked to your identity: Purchases Financial Info Location Contact Info Identifiers Usage Data Data Not Linked to You The following data may be collected but it is not linked to your identity: Location Diagnostics Privacy practices may vary, for example, based on the features you use or your age. Learn More Information Seller Apple Canada, Inc. Size 86.7 MB Category Shopping Compatibility iPhone Requires iOS 14.0 or later. iPad Requires iPadOS 14.0 or later. iPod touch Requires iOS 14.0 or later. Languages English, Czech, Danish, Dutch, Finnish, French, German, Hungarian, Italian, Japanese, Korean, Norwegian Bokmål, Polish, Portuguese, Russian, Simplified Chinese, Spanish, Swedish, Thai, Traditional Chinese, Turkish Age Rating 4+ Copyright © 2021 Apple Inc. Price Free App Support Privacy Policy App Support Privacy Policy Supports Wallet Get all of your passes, tickets, cards, and more in one place. More By This Developer Apple Support Utilities Clips Photo & Video iTunes Remote Entertainment Shazam: Music Discovery Music Keynote Productivity Numbers Productivity You Might Also Like IKEA Shopping Macy's Shopping Rue La La - Shop Top Fashion Shopping Best Buy Canada Shopping B&H Photo, Video & Pro Audio Shopping REI Co-op – Shop Outdoor Gear Shopping More ways to shop: Find an Apple Store or other retailer near you. Or call 1-800-MY-APPLE. Canada (English) Français Copyright © 2022 Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Use of Cookies Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map
