https://discussions.apple.com
Official Apple Support Community Global Nav Open Menu Global Nav Close Menu Apple Shopping Bag Search Support Cancel Apple Mac iPad iPhone Watch TV Music Support Shopping Bag Cancel Communities Get Support Sign in Sign in Sign in corporate Browse Search Communities Sign in Ask a Question Browse Get Support Ask a question Apple Support Communities Find answers, ask questions, and connect with our community of Apple users from around the world. Search or ask a question Search Apple Communities Reset Open Apple Communities Search Learn more about Support Communities Select your product to find related communities iPhone Mac OS & System Software iPad Apple Watch Notebooks Music Fewer communities More communities Notebooks Music iCloud Desktop Computers TV iLife Apple ID iWork Professional Applications iPod Apple Pay iOS Apps Looking for something else? Use our search bar or site map to find more communities. Featured Topics Tips and insights from our most experienced community members. See all topics User profile for user: Kyn Drake Rating: 4 out of 5 ? ? ? ? ? Rated by 35 users 35 How to create a half-circle "Use this tip to draw a half-circle that you can then use to slice into sub sections, add arrowheads, etc. K..." User name: Kyn Drake Read full postHow to create a half-circle User profile for user: thunderzzz Rating: 5 out of 5 ? ? ? ? ? Rated by 149 users 149 How to Change Screenshot Save Location "Almost every Mac user takes screenshots. By default, screenshot is saved on your Desktop. This is handy pla..." User name: thunderzzz Read full postHow to Change Screenshot Save Location User profile for user: turingtest2 Rating: 5 out of 5 ? ? ? ? ? Rated by 62 users 62 Restore Original Smart Playlists "The images below show the rules of the standard smart playlists that an iTunes library starts out with and ..." User name: turingtest2 Read full postRestore Original Smart Playlists New to Communities? Join the community Learn moreabout Apple Support Community Find answers and ask new questions Find answers Use the search bar at the top of this page to quickly ask questions and find answers. How to search communities Manage the people and discussions you follow Manage the people and discussions you follow Once you sign in, tap your name at the top of the page. Tap View More and then Manage Subscriptions. There you can adjust the people and discussions you’re following. How to manage subscriptions Award points, level up, and earn new privileges Have some fun As you participate in discussions, you earn points which can get you perks and more. You can even earn product specialties if you focus on specific product areas. How to earn rewards Apple Footer This site contains user submitted content, comments and opinions and is for informational purposes only. Apple may provide or recommend responses as a possible solution based on the information provided; every potential issue may involve several factors not detailed in the conversations captured in an electronic forum and Apple can therefore provide no guarantee as to the efficacy of any proposed solutions on the community forums. Apple disclaims any and all liability for the acts, omissions and conduct of any third parties in connection with or related to your use of the site. All postings and use of the content on this site are subject to the Apple Support Communities Terms of Use. See how your data is managed...  Apple Support Communities More ways to shop: Visit an Apple Store, call 1-800-MY-APPLE, or find a reseller. United States Copyright © Apple Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sales and Refunds Legal Site Map Ask a question Reset
